Two places I'd invest all my money if I could: 3D printing and Self-driving cars!!!
Awesome! Google driverless cars will help the blind travel more often; 
If Google maps can't keep up with road construction, how am I supposed to trust a driverless car to get around here?
Autonomous cars seem way overhyped given the technology challenges; pilotless planes seem much more doable and needed.
Just saw Google self-driving car on I-34. It was painted green and blue.
Chicago metro expected to be fully autonomous by 2020
I love the infotainment system in my new car. This thing can almost drive itself.
Autonomous vehicles could reduce traffic fatalities by 90%...I'm in!
Driverless cars are not worth the risk.  Don't want to be on the highway when the server crashes 
Driverless cars are now legal in Florida, California, and Michigan
Audi says first car manufacturer in the world to get a license from Nevada DMV to test autonomous vehicles (Google doesn't make cars) 
Audi is test driving their driverless car in Tampa today, pretty cool.
Audi Gets Permit to Test Self-Driving Cars in California 
Google, Audi, Mercedes get California's first self-driving car test permits: Cars without drivers may soon be... 
Audi Gets First Permit to Test Driverless Cars in California: Some Bay Area drag queens say they are... 
Audi Gets First Permit to Test Driverless Cars in California: Some Bay Area drag queens say they are... 
Audi Gets Permit to Test Self-Driving Cars in California 
Audi becomes first automaker given permit to test self-driving cars. 
Audi Snags First Permit To Test Self-Driving Cars In California: LOS ANGELES (CBS/AP)  Audi is the first... 
Come join us at the SAE On-Road Automated Vehicle Standards Committee Open Meeting
Not possible for blind people to drive an automated vehicle that requires intervention during failure. Need L4 automation for that
Transportation becoming a service model? If OEMs are responsible for automated vehicle control, they might as well own it 
Really good presentation from Jan Becker on Bosch's automated vehicle research. 
How is an automated vehicle supposed to behave in an emergency? 
Chris Urmson, director of Self-Driving Cars at Google, speaking at Automated Vehicle Symposium 2014. 
Thank the gods for automated vehicle condition evaluation kits. :D
Blogged: Automated vehicles and the Motor Vehicle Code: 
California's new automated vehicle regulations (smartly) do not define the operator of automated vehicles. New term is designee.
Last year, Google warned it would have an automated vehicle  commercialized product in the not-too-distant future.  
Ford just revealed it's Automated Ford Fusion Hybrid Vehicle. Pretty amazing. 
Gearing up for the Automated Vehicle Symposium 2014. use 
autonomous car s quite a potential business case in markets like north america as speeds for every single road is defined. even on freeways!
Nissan to have an autonomous car by the year 2020. Sign me up!
Google reportedly working on its own car, considering autonomous taxi service - 
So yeah, just throwing this out there again. Would totally be down to beta test an autonomous car.
Morgan Stanley has finally put a precise date on the autonomous car utopia: 
Forget autonomous cars for the masses, just give people the technology to open a car door without singing the vehicle next to them.
Closer than previously expected: autonomous horizon. | NYTimes: Drivers With Hands Full Get a Backup: The Car 
Toyota showcased autonomous car tech at CES - 
The autonomous automobile... Why the big car makers are letting 
one autonomous test car generates 300gb of camera data per hour // VW Chief: The car must not become a data monster 
Unique concept; not sure what to think. Autonomous car doubles as a room in your condo: 
There is an acceptable level of risk with all new technology, but the reality that people will die in autonomous car is hard to accept 
Volvo's Awesome New Autonomous Self-Parking Car Is Its Own Valet 
Meeting at the GM offices in Palo Alto, the segway autonomous car has only 2 wheels. [pic]: 
In less than five years I can use the Google autonomous car. I will get on the list now
Safety mandates forecast to drive autonomous car sales: 
Hypermorgen Icons For The Near Future, From Printable Meat To Autonomous Car Warnings 
My family broke into the building where Stanford builds autonomous cars. Then a biker ran into my car in SF. Full day.
Come to think of it, looks like the first self-driving (autonomous) car was Toyota...
I look forward to seeing Google's self-driving car and other autonomous vehicles driving around the District 
Took a ride in a Google self-driving car. Lived to tell about it: 
Nissan debuts first-ever fly-by-wire automobile steering system. Your autonomous car is gonna love it. 
Google unveils fully autonomous, hands-free car prototype [w/videos]  
Human Factor 1: what if the autonomous car doesn't take the route you want?
Human Factor 3: what if the autonomous car has a flat tire?
Human Factor 4: what if the autonomous car needs to merge with your friends in their autonomous cars?
The Car-Phone has evolved into the Phone-Car 
I could really use one of those phone activated autonomous drone car wash services right about now. What was that app called again?
Google unveils driver-less car...can you see yourself buying an autonomous car?
Google's announcement of their new self driving car arrived just in time for my debate on autonomous vehicles
Google unveils driver-less car...can you see yourself buying an autonomous car?
Whilst you may think an autonomous car may solve this, you'd be wrong. I'm terrible at naps once I've risen for the day.
The iCar isn't autonomous, but it's way way more fun to drive than a Google bubble car. 
Driver vs. Autonomous car: Who Wins? 
Why can't you take the quad copter drone, make it bigger to carry 2 people and make it autonomous? it would be easier than self driving car.
Would you buy an autonomous driving car? Excited, dubious or downright offended? 
Sitting in a room full of PhDs discussing the future of the Connected Autonomous Car. Technology changes everything. 
Can I get my autonomous car to bring me home some wine?  
See Volvo's Autonomous Parking Car in Action 
See Volvo's Autonomous Parking Car in Action 
Google should buy Tesla and Uber, mix a little autonomous car into the mix and solve all transportation problems.  
I had a dream that I mastered the unicycle. Then I got run over by an autonomous car named Kit. I am not going to circus school now.
Fascinating presentation by Chris Urmson head of 
Fascinating: The Next Autonomous Car Is a Truck. 
This $10,000 Kit Makes Any Car (Almost) Autonomous 
Autonomous car driving could free up the $200 billion that's wasted in car insurance.
Engadget: Nissan Leaf prototype becomes first autonomous car to hit Japanese highways (video) 
If i need to constantly supervise the car it's not autonomous 
Differentiating car experience will be a huge challenge/opportunity in autonomous cars - Mercedes benz 
120-minute oil change. Apparently, they thought my 1999 Camry is an autonomous car that doesn't give a damn if its time is wasted.
Drivers would opt for autonomous driving for cheaper car insurance as well 
stupid autonomous car  if you can drive yourself you should be able to write a damn research paper on yourself too
Great! So all the cars following w/out it, will rear end your new car RT:EU Will Require Autonomous Braking on New Cars 
To put it in lay terms. An autonomous nuclear powered car just landed itself on Mars using a rocket crane! This is huge!
Truly autonomous: basically the car just goes. Maybe by 2025 to reach that point. 
Last night I saw horse cops, makes me have hope for the car once silly autonomous vehicles take over the market 
Great evaluation on the moral consequences of autonomous car design.  Should the driver, or child on the road die? 
Great summer for Shelley autonomous race car! Upgraded e-stop GPS for 
Keke.. Arthur's watching the video of the autonomous car I sent him from 
Driverless vehicles? Even in D.C. streets? An autonomous car takes a capital test run. 
Am looking forward to the day when google and amazon drones fight it out to deliver my autonomous car
Autonomus car will drive Miss Daisy, and me, I hope ~ Autonomous Vehicles Now Legal in California | Autopia | Wired 
autonomous car technology in my lifetime? just a blurb on NPR today.
Manual, automatic, and....autonomous? I'm going to miss driving my car. 
Google's self-driving car still has many flaws 
GM's CEO isn't talking about this right now, but GM's autonomous car concept uses less weight and 
Tesla CEO Musk Sees Fully Autonomous Car Ready in Five or Six Years. 
Autonomous car ready in 6 years: Tesla CEO 
Audi gets Nevada's second autonomous vehicle license 
'Driving' CES into the future: The image of an autonomous vehicle is something we may see on Las Vegas valley roads... 
Toyota and Lexus showcase autonomous research vehicle | TechHive 
Toyota Motor Corp and Lexus to reveal autonomous research vehicle at CES 
Ford and Google are looking to commercial this driver less (autonomous) vehicle...
What? An autonomous vehicle? Gotta look into it....
The drone/autonomous vehicle pool of $$$ will continue to grow.  - 
What's the proper procedure for a cop to pull over an autonomous vehicle?
Google, be honest...this is the true inspiration for your autonomous vehicle. 
The winning robosub is.drumroll please.Cornell University Autonomous Underwater Vehicle Team!!! Congrats! 
First autonomous vehicle was the horse 
DMV Solicits Public Feedback on Autonomous Vehicle Regulations 
Google's Director of the Autonomous Vehicle Project, Anthony Levandowski 
Will Autonomous Drive eventually preclude entire stages of vehicle development, shortening the lifecycle? Will dynamics matter? 
I'm glad I have a semi-autonomous vehicle. This heavy rain was worse than driving in a blizzard! 
One solution to poor DC cab service: call your autonomous vehicle! 
Cross fingers for google autonomous vehicle announcement. 
At the Petersen discussing the autonomous vehicle future. 
Behold the autonomous vehicle!  Being back at SU rocks! 
Look forward to speaking at the Florida Autonomous Vehicle Summit this Friday about innovation in transportation 
Kinda tempted to start playing reverse bumper tag with google unpersoned autonomous vehicle behind 
We need a clean camera because today, the camera is (essentially) in control of the vehicle using Autonomous Rendezvous and Capture tech!
Radar cruise control is basically a 50% autonomous vehicle. It does braking and acceleration to a maximum speed. You just steer (for now).
Michigan gives green light to autonomous vehicle testing despite concerns from Google: Michigan will soon become... 
Michigan latest state to approve autonomous vehicle testing? For more details: 
Michigan gives green light to autonomous vehicle testing despite concerns from Google: Michigan will soon become... 
30 years ago Knight Rider premiered, and the autonomous vehicle of the future was a Trans Am. Now it's a Prius.
If my autonomous vehicle has a drivers license without a photo... which states can it vote in? 
Governor Snyder announced the signing of the autonomous vehicle bill at the denso booth. 
BYD and Singapore Institute collaborate on autonomous electric vehicle tech for mass transportation - 
Day 2 of National Association of Motor Vehicle Boards/Commissions. Full agenda...looking forward to hearing about autonomous vehicle regs.
If there are going to be automated cars out on the road, I want them to come from DARPA, not google
Someone drove the DARPA car over break. Why was I not invited?
Self driving cars began with DARPA in 2004. 
Driverless cars will soon sound just as ridiculous as horseless carriages.
OKAY  Driverless Cars: Safe, Reliable, No Vision Necessary 
Nissan Plans to Offer Driverless Cars by 2020 
GM says almost-driverless cars coming by 2020: MILFORD, Mich.  Sometime before the end of this decade, General... 
General Motors promises nearly driverless cars by end of decade with 'Super Cruise' system: Sometime before the... 
Nissan Plans to Offer Driverless Cars by 2020 
I need plan b. Outlook for cdl drivers not good thanks to Google's driverless tech. I wonder if that can handle hazmat? And FED regulations?
And I thought trying to find cars in stick was already hard. Driverless cars will bring a new meaning to auto vs manual. 
Woot! Can't wait to try it... Uber purchases 2,500 driverless cars from Google: 
There is a race 2 b first state with driverless vehicles for economic competitive edge and jobs. 
Dispatch from the future: Uber and driverless cars 
Uber To Purchase 2,500 Driverless Cars From Google 
GM says almost-driverless cars coming by 2020 
last time I rode in an Uber cab the door handles were filled w/candy 
Proposed effects of driverless car on all things auto--infrastructure, funding, policy-- is one of most interesting discussions right now
GM says almost-driverless cars coming by 2020: General Motors says that before the end of this decade it will... 
Brilliant sci fi piece from TC - Uber To Purchase 2,500 Driverless Cars From Google 
Google is going to build its own driverless cars 
I can't wait for the day when driverless cars make parking tickets and searching for parking spots things of the past.
I guess we're going to be uber'd around in driverless cars here in SF in the not-too-distant. 
the driverless taxi is just the beginning - 
I'm at the "Hacking driverless vehicles" talk. So good. 
Schmidt says Google's gigabit Internet in Kansas City is more important than its driverless cars. 
Forget driverless cars, I'm excited to hear that Google is working on the immortality opportunity. Welcome, Ray!
Eric Schmidt of Google takes 20 mn for human in driverless car to stop freaking out
Driverless cars. Chairs moved by brain function. Robots who can actively learn new things. Turn on the 
Saw my first Google driverless car today. Not sure why the driver has her hands on the wheel though 
Larry Burns: driverless and connected vehicles can co-exist. Need fuel cells and batteries.
Driverless cars will liberate humanity by finally allowing the shift from Sing Occupancy Vehicles to Zero Occupancy Vehicles.
Driverless car slams into AZ home inches from sleeping kids: According to a police report, a truck smashed into a... 
I predict Google will buy Uber and create driverless transit with little self-serve bars and resurrect the Automat.
Rumor is that the E.U. agreed to CityMobil2 
Just thinkin' O and his people will be first to buy the driverless car. 
Auburn Hills supplier's driverless car set to hit Nevada roads: Continental of Auburn Hills today became the first... 
Get ready for the mother of all generation gaps. Driverless cars here we come.
We need driverless cars ASAP - check it out!  
The computer that drives a robotic driverless car. 
Driver-less cars? Come on Michigan!
It was born out of the discussion about driverless cars and the crazy differential equations involved in tracking road conditions, obviously
News I wrote; Technology memo: The advent of driverless cars is here amid challenges.
A driverless car. You get in the passenger seat and it drive you. Wow. [pic]: 
Great overview of why I bet against fully-automated driverless cars in my lifetime. The tech is the easy part: 
This analyst just told us that the manufacturers think that driverless cars will be commercially viable before Eliza can drive. 
Where can we find technical information about Google Driverless Car?
The story headline today is Lexus previews a driverless car at the CES.  Funny, I see cars all the time apparently without a driver.
my dad is OBSESSED with this google driverless car. THIS IS HAPPENING. ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE WHEN YOU'RE AN ADULT, ITS GONNA HAPPEN
CES: Audi shows driverless car will also pick you up: We've heard of cars that drive themselves, but what about a... 
Ya can't stop the future; driving rel. fatalities fell in 2011 to the lowest since 1949.. incoming: Driverless Cars 90% cheaper insurence.
A driverless car invented by Google has completed over 300k miles and only had two accidents when humans in other cars hit it.
Google Streetview car! Or it might be one of those driver less ones? 
Reading - Driverless Cars Will Change Our Lives. Soon. 
Prediction of the Day: Cities Will Soon Compete to Build Driverless Car Infrastructure. 
SAI: Watch These McDonald's Employees Freak Out When A 'Driverless' Car Rolls Up by 
Ohio State Researchers Working On Car That Will Drive Itself: The idea of a driverless car is closer than you think.... 
How long until it becomes prohibitively expensive to insure a non-driverless car?
Bet I cop one of then driverless cars!
In Google's driverless car world, a single lane of freeway could transport 35,000 vehicles / hour, up from 1,500 today 
What do u think of when you think of the future? Global warming? Smart houses? Driverless cars? How might u design it? 
The beginning of a good series of articles: Fasten Your Seatbelts: Google's Driverless Car Is Worth Trillions - Forbes 
saw the audi new driver less parking technology...it is really awesome
Google's trillion-dollar driverless car will be commercialized sooner than you think 
Fasten Your Seatbelts: Google's Driverless Car is worth trillions. 
Forbes: Fasten Your Seatbelts: Google's Driverless Car Is Worth Trillions. 
Our week on the web: artificial islands, driverless cars on public ways, and an arsenal against flu and cold season. 
Toyota, Audi join Google on driverless highway: It looks like Google will have some competition on driverless cars,... 
Google is not a driverless car under Larry Page: When Google CEO Larry Page wanted to impress global advertising... 
Audi unveils driverless car at Las Vegas tech show: Hot on the heels of Google, which began testing an auto-piloted... 
CES: Audi shows driverless car will also pick you up: We've heard of cars that drive themselves, but what about a... 
The 3-trillion driverless car has arrived. what!?
Dad lost my car keys. Like literally lost them, my car is sitting in the driveway, useless, driverless, loveless.
With google (x) team.  Google glasses, driverless car and Loon (wifi thru high alt balloons). Fun!!! @ 
Who will build the emotion chip for the driverless cars
If google invents the driverless cars who will invent the careless drivers?
How Our Driverless Future Will Transform The Economy 
Google search turns 15, gets a makeover: With Google Glass, a new quest to cure death and driverless cars, it can... 
Driverless Cars for the Road Ahead-How do you feel about this? 
Google search turns 15, gets a makeover: (CNN)  With Google Glass, a new quest to cure death and driverless... 
Google Signs Agreement with NYC Mayor to Replace NYC Taxis With Driverless Google Cabs 
Google search turns 15, gets a makeover: (CNN)  With Google Glass, a new quest to cure death and driverless... 
Saw the news report,Mercedes is coming out with a driverless car in 2020. I have 2 B missing something. 
I heard on the radio Google might be developing a driverless car. 
Is Canada ready for self-driving cars?: A transportation advocate says driverless cars could be ready for... 
Is Canada ready for self-driving cars?: A transportation advocate says driverless cars could be ready for... 
Google's driverless car toured our campus yesterday. That's legit haha.
Driverless cars for the road ahead 
Is it the govt's role to program of our driverless cars? What type of transparency do citizens have? 
Could we program the ethics of driverless cars? I want to program my 
Do we have the infrastructure for driverless cars to talk to each other? Is the current trend haphazard?
Driverless cars could shape get way we design cities and communities. Optimization programs changing day-to-day life. 
Roadshow: Driverless cars will alert motorists to missing lane markings: Drivers must be in position to assume... 
Data, driverless cars and the future of the insurance business 
Ethical issues for driverless cars. Insurance, drivers, repair shops all losing 
Driverless cars are in our future.
Projections show by 2060 - gvt could mandate driverless cars; goodbye to drunk driving, backseat driver the cherished leisure drive 
California mulls how to regulate 'driverless cars': LOS ANGELES  California's Department of Motor Vehicles is... 
California mulls how to regulate 'driverless cars' 
This is cool: Swivel seats, big screen, espresso. Inside the driverless car of the future 
Hivemind driverless cars are the last step b4 the singularity/war with the machines. Bring it Google! We're ready.
Crushing in a Google driverless car 
Driverless roving vehicle usually pull up into crosswalk making it difficult for me to cross. The vehicle today had a driver who apologized!
Calif. pushes to finish driverless car rules 
By The Time Your Car Goes Driverless, You Won't Know The Difference 
Florida is one of three states leading the way for 
I, for one, cannot wait for 
Did we mention we're testing Google's driverless car? 
man i had this dream about a driverless car.  it was awesome.
Predictions of great economics from driverless cars. We shall see if indeed these machines offset the unemployment 
Heated debate regarding future of driverless cars.  Solution or debacle? 
The idea is to challenge traditional automotive design. The Geneva Auto Show + Tesla's very sexy driverless car &gt;&gt; 
Will the government still make money off tickets if all cars are driverless? 
What is the regulatory environment for driverless cars? Will regulation hold us up? 
California Mulls How To Regulate 'Driverless Cars': On Tuesday, the California Department of Motor Vehicles held... 
with enough bricks on the gas pedal any car can be a driverless car
Retail now: buy in store or online; In the future: produce via 3D printer, have it delivered via drone or driverless car 
Driverless cars are coming, but so are the ethical questions that accompany them. Who lives and dies when the car has to make the decision?
RE: driverless cars: Interesting question. Who's responsible for the algorithm that decides who lives who dies in a split second decision?
Swiss Re Canada CEO Sharon Ludlow considering the future of insuring drones and driverless cars at 29th annual outlook breakfast.
Data, driverless cars and the future of the insurance business 
From driverless cars to wearable computers: digital drives today's business 
Driverless cars should exist so speeding tickets don't
When fully implemented, driverless vehicles could reduce accidents by 90%, saving 35k+ lives in the US each year. 
I just saw The Internship. It was as enjoyable as watching a driver-less car video for almost 2 hours. Hint: not very enjoyable.
Did I just see a Google driverless car turning north at College and 10th, or is my mind playing tricks? 
Will government regulation crash driverless cars? 
Driverless Cars; EyeGlasses; Internet Balloons...Oh My Wonderful Wizards of Google are targeting 5B Unwired People 
100 mph and then you let go: BMW's driverless car 
A driverless car invented by Google has completed 300k+ miles and has 2 accidents, humans in other cars hit it.
Today in SJ: what impact will driverless cars have on our roads and cities? How much of a change are we talking? 
Google's vision of driverless cars eliminates privately owned cars, so when time come for a protest, government will just turn the cars off.
Strange to pass a Google driverless car on the Silicon Valley 101 interstate 
Driverless cars, pilotless planes  will there be jobs left for a human being?
Driver-less cars? Like is 2013 serious right now
Cars without drivers: DMV to hold June 18 workshop on driverless vehicle regulations 
anki drive - take that google driverless car!! 
WHAT!!! Driverless Cars in California? I thought that's what was all we had!
A driverless car invented by Google has completed over 300k miles and only had two accidents when humans in other cars hit it.
Guess what one thing would make this racing school founder want a driverless car: Driverless cars sound like a... 
Could a driverless car call 911 if involved in an accident. Why not. 
Think how much driving infrastructure won't be needed with driverless cars. Stop signs, for example -- cars can adjust so as never to stop.
Google's driverless cars are going to have to obey all traffic laws. Period. Wait until people get their heads around that.
Google: Driverless cars are mastering city streets | Voices: 
Driverless cars are mastering city streets, Google says: Google says that cars it has programmed to drive... 
Google sends driverless cars onto city streets. Works like the website: type Disney Store and it takes you to princess themed strip club.
How cool would a transparent car be. I'd rather have a driverless car. 
Driverless cars + graphene = flying cars like in Blade Runner
In this audio clip, APA member Don Howard says there will be some resistance to driverless vehicles. 
Interesting thoughts on driverless car and first responders. Never pondered the possibilities before. 
Google: Driverless cars are mastering city streets: Google says it has turned a corner in its pursuit of a car... 
Google: Driverless cars are mastering city streets 
Google: Driverless cars are mastering city streets  
Google says its driverless cars are mastering city streets: Google says it has turned a corner in its pursuit of... 
Google: Driverless cars are mastering city streets 
Driverless cars, Google? Aren't  the roads dangerous enough with actual people behind the wheel? 
Google: Driverless cars are mastering city street: Google says that cars it has programmed to drive themselves... 
Oh yay...I can't wait to get rear ended by one of Google's driverless cars.....who will I sue???? 
Can we have driverless cars already.
How about driverless cars and driving you to the hospital if you were out in and needed help. 
Driverless cars overcome jaywalkers, blind corners: Google: Google says it has turned a corner in its pursuit of... 
Driverless cars, Google? Aren't  the roads dangerous enough with actual people behind the wheel?
Google: Driverless cars are mastering city streets 
Driverless cars will be equipped with an emergency first response system. 
Jaywalkers, cyclists, blind corners: Google says its driverless cars mastering city streets: Google says that... 
Imagine this... Uber+Waze+Google Driver-less cars! = a robot thats takes you home the fastest way possible! 
Google says its driverless cars starting to master city streets per the AP.  Wish they'd hurry so they could drive me around.
Good! Now to ensure politicians don't stand in the way! Google says its driverless cars are ready for city streets: 
Google says its driverless cars are mastering city streets: Google says it has turned a corner in its pursuit of... 
apparently there are now driver less cars in LA?
Google has a driverless car prototype. You know what that means? That sucker who always has to be the DD gets to have fun too.
On I-880, my first driverless car sighting... I think it's taking itself to the 
You're watching... Driverless cars set to hit the road :
On I-880, my first driverless car sighting... I think it's taking itself to the A's game. ;-) LET'S GO OAKLAND!!! 
Driverless Cars Street Legal Now In Three States, If The Computer Crashes Your Car Is It Your Fault? 
Changing Gloria's tire she says now what would have happened if I were in a driverless 
Robot chauffeurs at wheel of the future - SFGate 
So now that Google has made the driverless car ill no longer be mad I can't find parking... Me car, drive around the block til I return
California, Florida and Nevada have all legalized driverless cars. Acceptance is spreading! 
Last week California legalized driverless cars. -Hersman 
Someone at Google should announce that their driverless cars will be programmed give all cyclists 3 feet of room.
On my way to ohare airport and we pass a driverless car at 70mph 
Google has determined it can't build a driverless car safe enough for the highway. 
Wait, they've invented a driver-less car?
The current cost of taxi service in NYC would be $4 per trip mile...a driverless fleet would be ~$.50 
I want to sit all day at CodeCon! Driverless cars and the Skype instant translator are uber cool!  
Can I get a driverless car to drive my telepresence-bot everyplace I'm supposed to go? Then I could just stay home.
Google plans on having 100 driverless cars on the road by next year. DriverLESS. Cars. So cool
What is the point of a driver-less car??
Google is releasing a driverless car. This would solve all my problems and save my friends from being my permanent chauffeurs
Will we ever trust a driverless car? Most won't, however our children most certainly will.
First question to google wife: Does it have a stereo? I mean driverless is super cool etc, but you need some sounds 
The concept of Uber + driverless cars is ridiculous and awesome.
Driverless cars don't hold their breath in tunnels... 
As far as I'm concerned, Google can be as evil as they want if they make the driverless car a reality. 
Our thrilling (and terrifying) future with the driverless car 
Driverless cars cool but there needs to be a manual control option for unpredictable circumstances
Qualcomm wants to make eyes for driverless cars   
Driverless cars. Just one of those things I'll ignore and hope goes away.
How Google got states to legalize driverless cars: MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif.  About four years ago, the Google team... 
Driverless Cars could be an enormous ecological and economical benefit to society 
Test-driving Google's driverless car: Look, Mom, no hands: Google's robotic cars have about $150,000 in equipment... 
A driverless car may get a California license before I do 
Google's driverless car is ready for CA test-markets, and will have regulatory framework to do so by end of year. 
The best thing  I read in along time on driverless cars and mobility  
In the near future we'll have driverless cars that drive to work every morning while we jog in.
The advent of driverless cars presents a compelling 
GM, Ford, Toyota join UM in establishing driverless car test site in Ann Arbor: Associated Press - General... 
A look at the roadblocks facing driverless cars: Google Inc. is pushing hard to bring cars driven by computers ... 
How Google Got States to Legalize Driverless Cars 
How Google got states to legalize driverless cars: About four years ago, the Google team trying to develop cars... 
Google Plans to Launch 100 Driverless Cars by Next Year - DailyFinance 
How Driverless Cars Could Reshape Cities 
How Will Driverless Cars Reshape Cities? 
Major Road Blocks Linger,But Driverless Cars Are Here to Stay 
How Driverless Cars Could Reshape Cities: 
BBC News - Driverless cars to be tested on UK roads by end of 2013 
Google face pressure to slow down rollout of driverless car technology 
Driver less cars that can drop you off park and then pick up back up using your cell phone, how 
Kean Says NJ Could Go 'Driverless' 
Personally, I think driverless cars make more sense if you think about them as rideable robots: 
A driverless car invented by Google has completed over 300k miles and only had two accidents when humans in other cars hit it. GOOD MORNING!
I'm sooo excited for driverless cars! 
Can driverless cars reshape L.A. and other cities?: Mark Lacter: Way too early to know, though researchers are... 
One third of land in some cities is devoted to parking spots. How would driverless cars reshape cities? 
Driverless cars seem way overhyped given the infrastructure challenges, pilotless planes seem much more doable and needed.
When will my car drive me to work? strategy+business: Driverless Trucks May Be Just around the Bend. 
How Driverless Cars Could Reshape Cities. 
Disruptions: How Driverless Cars Could Reshape Cities - 
All cars will be driverless in 20 years: Bob Lutz, Toyota 
Which comes first: driverless car or pilotless aircraft?
Brilliant Smithsonian magazine award winners. Here w/Sebastian Thrun - driverless cars, Udacity. 
Driverless cars could impact law enforcement budgets make limits less flexible 
Driverless cars? I feel like my childhood dream of owning a Autobot could transpire in my lifetime.
Should your driverless car kill you to save two people?
Should Your Driverless Car Kill You to Save Two Other People? 
Entered my driverless Tesla through the passenger door. I like this whole not having to drive thing.
The coolness of driverless cars-90% of all car accidents involve human error (says Marco della Cava). Pretty exciting.
articles on Bitcoin, Alibaba, driverless vehicles 
Thinking about the future Should a 
Google's own prototype driverless cars! 
Google Driverless Car. Go to a theme park, find a ride that bores you to tears whilst your 4 yr old child smiles ear to ear. Basically that.
Google's driverless cars - no brakes or steering wheel - coming to streets this year. 
Google's driverless car - desperately needed in Florida!  
Finally Google has started making cars ! Fully integrated driver less car prototype is our there. No strafing wheel. 
I just woke up from falling asleep on the couch; had the craziest dream that Google made driverless cars... Say it ain't so...
Google driverless cars. Somewhere Hasslehoff is putting on his shades. 
A look at the roadblocks facing driverless cars 
Qualcomm wants to make eyes for driverless cars 
The way some people are glued to their phones we may already have driverless cars.
A driverless cars has explicitly and implicitly a different set of needs and wants - it becomes more a tool and less a fashion choice
So google has a driver-less car? They can take the steering wheel away from my cold, dead hands before i buy one.
Google to build prototype of truly driverless car: Google plans to build and launch onto city streets a small... 
Warren Buffett said if Google's driverless car catches on then insurance providers like Geico would be negatively affected, so his point is?
U-M center breaks ground on facility to test driverless vehicles: Officials from a public-private partnership... 
The future is here driverless cars... 
Driverless cars are freaky, but hey more time for selfies.
PSA: Trains are driverless cars in much the same way as airplanes are space shuttles. RT that again and get blocked + reported for spam.
Test-driving Google's driverless car: Look, Mom, no hands 
A driverless car invented by Google has completed over 300k miles and only had two accidents when humans in other cars hit it.
I want a Google driverless car.
As of August, google driverless cars have driven a total of 300000 miles with only 2 reported accidents- both the fault of the human driver.
Driverless cars by 2030.  Yeah...like they're gonna let all that DUI money just cruise off into the 
California Will Start Granting Licenses For Driverless Cars In September 
When driverless cars break the law: There is little doubt that the technology behind driverless cars is nearly... 
Q: Why are driverless cars all Prius? A: Driving a Prius doesn't feel like driving, its like chewing prechewed gum. Bland and pointless.
I wonder if driverless car is going to sound as archaic as horseless carriage 50 years from now.
Driverless cars to get California licenses starting in September. Here we go! 
Google to build prototype of truly driverless car: Google plans to build and launch onto city streets a small... 
Watch Google's driverless car in action 
Google's new driverless car has no brake pedal or steering wheel 
Just met a driverless car at an intersection
Driverless cars means having no one to flip off...
Google's new driverless cars Robo-taxis : no brake pedal or steering wheel 
Can someone please explain the point of driverless cars? Seems like a solution looking for a problem to me. We already have taxis 
Google reveals a driverless car? For me, it will be passenger-less. I don't trust technology THAT much...
Uber's future car fleet will be driverless, cheaper: Uber Technologies Inc. envisions the future of its... 
Checking out the Google driverless car. I guess you would call it a smart car. SCIENCE! 
There was a laundry cart accident in our apartment a minute ago. Driverless cars can't come fast enough.
Started here in Nevada! How Google Got States to Legalize Driverless Cars - 
How Google got states to legalize driverless cars: About four years ago, the Google team trying to develop cars... 
What driver-less cars by googs ? I guess bc I hate driving I have a stance 
Finally Google has started making cars ! Fully integrated driver less car prototype out there. No searing wheel. 
In the process of buying a car and I keep thinking how this might be the last gas car I ever buy. And the last one that isn't driverless...
No comment response on solar roadways in correlation to the Google driverless cars. I'm taking that as a yes.  
California sets regulations for testing driverless cars 
California Will Start Granting Licenses For Driverless Cars In September 
You could call a driverless car and tell the car , it will take you there.  Whoo Hoo
The same day Google shows off a driverless car, Apple decides algorithms aren't stirring people enough and spends $3B on hand-curated music.
Google building truly driverless car with no brakes, steering wheel, gas pedals 
Sergey Brin unveils new Google driverless car prototype 
Driverless taxis in NYC would probably be an amazing application.  
Google driverless car will not stop at a free puppy sign. - Bob Lutz 
Riding in a driverless car is on my bucket list, this is so damn exciting. 
Just read Google Unveils New Driverless Car Prototype 
Google to build prototype of truly driverless car: Google plans to build and launch onto city streets a small... 
This is the future and it is now!! OH the places we will go!! 
Google's driverless car is dope
California Will Start Granting Licenses For Driverless Cars In September 
Can the cops give a car a ticket?? Driverless cars have just started hitting the roads in California!!  
I saw one of these this weekend in Phoenix  Driverless cars: we should question and challenge Google, but not as haters
google driverless car akin to a riderless bike? where would my bike want to go without me? 
Ok can we talk about how the US doesn't wanna approve Google's driverless cars because of speeding ticket profits
Goodbye Peter Gregory. I hope they have driverless cars in heaven.
Driverless cars show the problem with utilitarianism and who should die if an accident occurs: 
In Mountain View just got passed by a driverless car. It is the future.
Go read literally anything about how transit planning works before talking about how counterproductive and useless driverless cars are.
Driverless cars: technology trumps experience - again 
Moral Machines: The Driverless Car Dilemma 
This is why we need driverless cars. 
As of August 2012, Google's driverless cars have driven for over 300k miles. Only two accidents were reported during that time.
I've been obsessed about driverless cars for a while now. The Economist's September article is still worth reading 
Fake Google driverless car crashes through Manhattan --&gt; 
DMV seeking input of rules for driverless cars 
Will driverless cars solve our energy problems  or just create new ones? 
Two more things that I think are the future of automotive technology: heads up displays and driver assist. Bringing us closer to driverless.
I can't wait for the day I can drunkenly stumble into my google driverless car and tell it to drive me to Texas.... then wake up there.
By 2035, 75% of Autos Expected to Have Driverless Tech. 
free uber: $30 for you, $30 for me 
Google's moonshot idea: use driverless cars in cities as a public health initiative to eventually phase out fatal accidents by human error
Oops - Eleanor Holmes Norton stalled her own driverless car ride - 
Never give a government employee your keys, even if your car is driverless ...
Driverless cars will constantly track our locations, recording everywhere Google search changed the world. 
I corrected some streets in my area on Open Source mapping, a few bridges aren't there any more. Driver-less cars stay away from upstate NY.
Google Driverless Cars: Freedom for the Disabled?Autism is just one example - News Roseville, CA and Sacramento Metro 
My driverless cars will side swipe idiots on bicycles and stupid pedestrians.
Can't wait to survey the insanity of drivers flipping off driverless cars.
If driverless cars dont end the world, I dont know what will.
Every time I read a story about driverless cars I just get a shiver down my spine. Am I alone in this??
CA to approve driverless car testing. $5mn in insurance or a vehicle testing bond required 
Part of me doesn't want to like this, part of me knows it's the future. A lap in Ford's driverless transit van. 
James Bond will ride in a driverless Aston Martin that incapacitates villains with Nerf bullets and silly string.
Driverless cars and Red Barchettas: Did Rush predict a Google-controlled future? 
One driver-less car works,  more than one, not going to happen.
If you can imagine Google's driverless car, but voiced by Elaine Stritch, then you can imagine my mother
Driver-less cars using Google Maps, what could go wrong?
Examples of technology outpacing regulation in the news today: drones, Uber/Lyft, AirBnB, driverless cars.
to the dreamers Google Announces Driverless Cars In Less Than 10 Years. Would you buy one of those? 
Cannot jus trust the emergency brake, got block those wheels or a driverless truck barrels into 
Ford commercial just claimed it uses driverless technology during the Spurs game. Yeah, use that term while you can. 
Driverless cars ? Honda ? Said no one ever ! 
CA SB 1298 must be amended to provide that Google's driverless cars gather only the data necessary to operate vehicle 
I think the Tracy Morgan crash may nudge acceptance toward driverless cars. I foresee highways for robot fleet vehicles in the coming years
A Baby on Board sign in your car does not make a drunk driver less drunk. It doesn't make you a better parent either. Its a $3 sign.
What's a future impact for insurance? Driverless cars fleeing parking lots before a hail storm. Ha! 
I'm excited for the driverless car future, but ironic how Uber promotes how well they pay drivers while pushing hard to kill their jobs
I just heard a rumor that a driverless Test Car just drove by my office. I need to spend more time outside....
University of Michigan Builds Fake City For Driverless Car Testing 
We have driverless cars... But i still have to iron my shirts.
Reading - Driverless cars could cripple law enforcement budgets (Colin Neagle) 
Google Plans to Launch 100 Driverless Cars by Next Year - DailyFinance 
Why trucks will drive themselves before cars do 
This story is everything... Rudderless Congress breaks driverless car 
A couple of Congressmen take a driverless car for a spinand break down 
CNBC says CA insurance companies are requiring ride sharing cars to carry more expensive insurance.  Driverless cars are coming, too.
Meet The $10,000 Sensor That Could Make Cars Driverless  
Cruise Automation is releasing a cheaper  sensor roof dispositive to compite with the driverless car of google
You've heard of driverless cars, but what about 
I want a driverless car so bad.
Is There A Driverless Car In Your Future? 
COOL!! As Google dreams of driverless cars, IDF deploys them 
Driverless cars could also end drunk driving forever and save lives.   
Two posters to celebrate the launch of Google's driverless car!  
Just saw a man being driven around in the passenger seat of a Google driverless car. 
Google Driverless Car. This changes everything in business. 
Think of your driverless car as a very friendly horse. It can do without you but chooses to let you have control 
Google's driverless car will need more testing, watchdog group warns  
Only in SF do taxi drivers realize their jobs likely won't exist in 10 years because of driverless cars. 
This company is claiming that it will upfit your car to driverless starting next year.   
Inhabitat: Michigan is Building a Fake 30-Acre City to Test Driverless Cars. 
Driverless tech: First comes carriage ... then the law: Gary Anglebrandt - Although a few states, Michigan... 
Taking a ride in a driverless car! 
She has no problem with officer-less ticketing, but breaks a driver-less car... 
Driverless cars will eliminate 80% of traffic in crowded cities, says MIT: 
A $10K box on the roof turns your car driverless. Pretty cool if they can get it to market. 
Crash Cars: 2 driverless cars loop at constant speed, threatening to collide. 
Toyota's newest innovation: Car that steers away from pedestrians: It's not quite the driverless cars that... 
*tear* | Driverless Cars Are Further Away Than You Think 
Blind man drives Google driverless car. 
Driverless Car forming 8pattern at Nathan Phillips square 
At a session, Watching and listening to head of googles driverless car program. Absolutely Fascinating!!
If I can take a ride in a driverless car on a public street, theb I see no reason why my building can't wiggle a little G.Lynn 
Driverless Cars Sound Awesome, But The Actual Economic Impact Is Going To Blow Your Mind.   
DeSoto Cab Announces the First Driverless Taxi. 
Say this all of the time: we live in such amazing times. Coming next is personalization in public transportation. On-demand, driverless pod
It's 2013. I can own a driver-less car but I still can't edit a tweet.
Clean, safe it drives itself!! This weeks economist's special report on the future of the car.  Driverless!? Yes please
 A driverless car invented by Google has completed 300+k miles and only had 2 accidents when humans in other cars hit it.
Imagine if the zip car drove to you -- Information Technology and Innovation Foundation president on the reality of driverless cars.
Has the time finally come for the driverless car? 
Driverless-car bill aims to smooth technology fast lane: Dustin Walsh - The Michigan Legislature isn't taking a... 
Where are these driverless cars? I could use one for this 3 hour drive...
How much revenue did Google make last year? $50billion. Billion. Where will it be in 10yrs when glass and driverless cars mature? Trillions?
Can't wait for driverless cars to come out! This is the first time I'm excited about motor vehicles, in my entire life.
I wonder what programming languages Mercedes/Googles/etc are using to write the software for driverless cars.
Wondering if driverless cars will trigger totally new designs for cars in a future?
Will driverless cars provide disruption in the overshot car market? Less superfluous stuff to sell to a less involved ego = cheaper cars.
oh hell no, i know enough about computers to not trust a driverless car
Driverless car no problem. Automatic sink and paper towel in a rest room and nothing works without vogueing.
Driverless Taxis concern me. What about ranting and cursing? Who will listen to me? 
My robot (driverless) car and me. 
I like the numbers here - How much will 
DMV seeking input of rules for driverless cars: Dozens attended a workshop Friday where DMV officials were... 
DMV ponders how to regulate driverless cars: California must set guidelines by 2015. 
As soon as I can buy a driverless car, I'm going get one and backroad across the country.
Race for driverless cars is in full throttle: Google and other innovators say they may be just five years away... 
Snyder wants Michigan to approve driverless cars: Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder said Google's driverless car is... 
Google's driverless car has driven 500000 miles in CA already. 
Levanowski (Google driverless car): In God We Trust, all others bring us data 
Driverless cars? Now we gave 7000 lb weapons tied to remote control? I don't think so! No need exists. At all   
How will driverless cars affect our cities? 
You mean to tell me we have driverless cars but vacums still sound like kingkong ? Why...
Can't wait for driverless vehicles to be the norm, obviously we are a while away cause it's still spell checked as a word :)
Google[x] folks now talking Driverless Cars. 
Tesla Talks Partnering with Google for Driverless Cars: Tesla Motors is considering adding driverless technology... 
Tesla talking to Google about driverless electric cars 
Saw a Google driverless car today... a Lexus RX hybrid...nice. I'm hoping that pilotless planes are next on the agenda. 
Driverless cars mean more miles driven, higher fuel consumption. 
Just saw a google driverless car!
Will driverless cars eventually replace taxi drivers?
Good Q but half of deaths from medical errors:34,000 traffic deaths a year in the U.S. Driverless car reduce number? 
At High Speed, on the Road to a Driverless Future  
So if Google Glasses are banned for drivers, just use a Google Driverless Car! 
KTLA Consumer Confidential: Stock Market Rally; Internet Sales Tax? Driverless Technology: When not reporting for... 
Tesla considers driverless cars in partnership with Google 
Tesla Talks Partnering with Google for Driverless Cars: Tesla Motors is considering adding driverless technology... 
Saw a driverless car on the highway and played ball with a former Miami Dolphin. 
Driverless cars...just think of the potential productivity safety gains. 
Once we have driverless cars, the ghost community can actively rejoin society by operating motor vehicles without causing suspicion
FBI says driverless cars good for surveillance but could be used as deadly weapons: The FBI's thoughts on... 
Street cars trollies bikes driverless cars = urban solution Cc: 
Poll: Drivers love idea of driverless cars 
Driverless cars will be trialled in up to three UK cities from January. 
Driverless cars get green light for testing on public roads in UK  
The wave of the future. Driverless cars with anti-wreck technology. Who needs insurance??? 
Ever-vigilant DC cops pull over Google's driverless car. 
Ever-vigilant DC cops pull over Google's driverless car. 
So excited for the Google Glass and Driverless car demo just in a couple of minutes! 
Sometimes when I see the Google Drive app on my phone I get really excited because I think it will summon a driverless car to take me around
Looked like googles driver-less car but it was only this 
Really thoughtful take on potential impact of driverless cars 
Driverless car appeals to me instead of the real estate chauffeur one can become: 
FBI warns driverless cars could be used as lethal weapons because regular cars can't, right? 
Business Insider: The FBI Is Afraid Criminals Will Use Google's Driverless Cars For Freeway Shootouts (GOOG) 
Really now?! FBI Afraid Criminals Will Use Google's Driverless Cars For Freeway Shootouts - 
Hey FBI, driverless cars won't kill people. People will kill people.
Imagine a world with virtually no DUIs or massive traffic jams, and increased productivity / wealth. Driverless cars will be big for us.
UK plans to allow driverless cars on public roads starting in January, what could possibly go wrong? 
Driverless cars to hit public roads in Britain by January 2015 
Driverless electric cars are in UK by 2017.  Wow!
Nissan announced in 2020 their model of the driverless car will be on the roads 
Ann Arbor - a test bed for driverless cars?  University of Michigan researchers work to make Ann Arbor the  
The Driverless Car Revolution Should Not Begin with Cars  
Tesla, Google, and Uber.   Tesla makes it sexy, Google makes it driverless, Uber makes it available.   The future, people.
Ann Arbor could get driverless vehicles by 2021: U-M is working with auto industry and government officials on... 
Driverless cars coming to U.K. in 2017: LONDON (CNNMoney)  For the first time, driverless cars will soon be... 
Sign me up for one of the first driverless cars. 
Do humans make bad drivers? Read then discuss: 
Sit back and nap and play board games and watch Netflix while our driverless car takes us across country - where do I buy?
I can not wait for driverless cars to be the norm on highways!
FBI warns driverless cars could be used as 'lethal weapons'  
The FBI is concerned that driverless cars could be accomplices in drive-by shootings.  
We're Heading Into A Jobless Future, No Matter What The Government Does - 
UK to allow driverless cars on roads 
Driverless cars allowed in UK as soon as January 2015 
Driverless cars in Florida, sooner than we think. 
About to close the upper deck of Selmon Expy for 
Audi will be testing driverless cars on the expressway here in Tampa tomorrow. Pretty dope.
The demand for cars is greater than human availability to drive cars safely and efficiently. Hence, driverless cars for hire.
These phantom buggies are everywhere! They all appear to be driverless until you get right up on them. 
So the Saudi market is preparing for driverless cars. That's one way to prevent women from driving-nobody needs to drive. 
Driver-less car mod for your Audi 
Legislators and regulators have started to establish rules of the road for the use of driverless cars. 
Since it is a speed LIMIT, driverless cars cannot be programmed to exceed it. This is going to be fun.
Mass transit based on driverless cars is coming! Helsinki's ambitious plan to make car ownership pointless 
The Driverless Car Tipping Point Is Coming Soon  
Brave new world &gt; Driverless cars will make police chases 'lethal' 
FBI Warns Driverless Cars Could Become New 'Letha: 
This is how I imagine driverless 
Posit: newly-revived urban streetcars fail as automated/driverless tech emerges. Regional commuting is still the strongest case for rail.
Driverless Cars are going to take us into a new age, just like how we transitioned from Horses to Cars.
Woman at the airport bar is 3 things: 1) clearly drunk 2) from buffalo and 3) is telling EVERYONE about the benefits of driverless cars
Ann Arbor could get driverless vehicles by 2021: The University of Michigan is working with auto industry and... 
Ann Arbor could get driverless vehicles by 2021: The University of Michigan is working with auto industry and... 
I boost driverless car - see huge benefits, esp more mobility for people who can't drive: old, young, poor. But there is a downside: NSA.
The current state of driverless cars - 
Driverless cars could hit local roads by 2020: Imagine being able to work on your laptop, or video conference... 
Driverless cars are terrible. How can anyone be a fan of them. I mean, c'mon!!!
I wish I had a driverless Audi TT that could follow you around. Praise Google!
Wow, just saw a Google driverless car on 101. Cool!
I, for one, am very excited about self-driving cars. -- Google's Driverless Car is Safer than the Average Driver 
California may soon have driverless cars. Are you game? 
Makes you think. Could people at the Auto Show 50 years ago have imagined a presentation on driverless cars? 
Well this is a little terrifying. I still want a driverless car in my lifetime though.  
Driverless Cars and Jevon's Paradox. 
Driver-less cars, the modern horseless carriage. 
I'm fascinated by the idea of driverless cars. So's Sen. Risser who thinks WI could be a cold-weather testing ground: 
What a fun and exciting mental exercise to play thinking about the future of driverless cars 
Driverless Cars Will Make Intersections So Efficient It's Scary 
Government regulation, lawyers, insurance companies . Long road until we go fully driverless. Sigh. 
 A driverless car invented by Google has completed ovr 300k miles had 2 accidents when humans hit it
Google brings its driverless car to Austin: Google, which has been developing and touting the future of self-pil... 
What intersections would look like in a world with only driverless cars. I literally winced the whole time... 
Driverless cars ? Idk how i feel about this. Evaluate the pros and cons before this is manufactured please !!!
Could technology lead to 50% unemployment?: It's no secret that smart machines - think Google's driverless cars -... 
Google's driverless car - part 3. when? 
Driverless cars. DUMBEST F..ING Idea I have ever heard of.
Check out the latest in driverless cars here 
Carlo Ratti keynote - driverless city will require 80% less automobile infrastructure for the same mobility. Yes, please! 
Space Shuttle simulator, check. Driverless car simulator, check.
University of Michigan is building a fake city for driverless cars  
There's a crowd outside milling about waiting for the driverless cars. I find Dusty Eyes. Rough night? He asks. 
So, they are gonna legalize marijuana and driverless cars?
Google driver-less car is not viable , insurance companies would have no part of it.
Wish they'd hurry up and get those driverless cars on the road.  This pushing the gas pedal and paying attention is getting old.
Driverless cars and iPhones are more important than securing the ocean as a water supply 
Google forced to add steering wheels to driverless car designs 
Would have been good for Teddy Mary Jo K. Driverless car takes test run through DC... 
Google driverless car + Uber = Best money bot ever
The google driverless cars should have an I'm feeling lucky button that takes you to a random location.
Seems like driverless cars are a scam to put $ into Google software giants instead of infrastructure for all (trains).
A driverless car?? I need to get me one of these 
News flash: we already have driverless cars,  they're called subways.
We hop in a driverless car and head back to the 
Oh, I-95, you do me so wrong. Driverless cars can't come soon enough...
I didn't think about these scenarios in the driverless world: Should your driverless car kill you to save a child? 
They want us to believe a self-driving car malfunctioned but this is a Google STREET VIEW car; NOT a driverless car. 
My first ever tweet while cruising in a 
Thought inspiring: driverless cars &gt; impact will be tremendous on jobs. Will people hate 
I don't think I understand the point of a driverless vehicle.
hmmm  I wonder what the insurance would be on a driver less car? Yeah, not practical.
If driverless cars reduce fatalities, there may be added pressure on 3D printing tech to supply transplant organs: 
Driverless cars in the streets of D.C.? 
Missing the last driverless car, we were forced to take the shuttle to car rental. It's been years since I've had to improvise a mission.
Only California would permit a driverless car -- so long as it has a steering wheel. Huh? 
Amazon Prime Air almost as incredible as Google's driverless car 
oh, and maybe we can pay 
Driverless-car rules drafted by California: The California Department of Motor Vehicles has posted draft rules... 
DMV releases draft rules for driverless cars: The California Department of Motor Vehicles has posted draft rules... 
In auto news: Driver-less cars can now be tested on Michigan roads.  
The solution for parents who have to drive the kids--driverless cars?   
Google is serious about driverless cars. 
Went from a car with a chauffeur to a driverless train. It's hard not being special.
The UK Just Threw Down the Driverless Car Gauntlet 
UK paves way for driverless cars 
Amazon drones delivering 3D printed floor mats to my driverless car that is authenticated by my Nymi ECG wristband. All paid for by Bitcoin!
Week in review: New law allows testing of driverless cars; Duggan picks cabinet members; ForeSee acquired:... 
New Law Allows Driverless Cars On Michigan Roads: LANSING (WWJ/AP) - Gov. Rick Snyder has signed a law allowing... 
Michigan is not going to sit by and watch that revenue take a dive because the law allows driverless cars.
Google's vision, delivering packages with driverless cars / humanoid robots can happen. Amazon drone BS? No. LOL 
Unlike BART, the airport connector will use automated, driverless, three-car trains pulled by cables [to OAK] 
Volvo is about to put 100 driverless cars on the road on Sweden
Driverless cars verses drones for your future delivery?
When will Google win their first driverless formula 1 race?
CAR WARS - Action/Sci-Fi - Drew Goddard - 'In the future driverless cars become sentient and turn on the human race'.  
re: driverless cars, ethics != relativism.   from ethical perspective there is no correct answer to dilemma. 
Driverless cars, ubiquitous wireless internet electricity, growing printing organs... LENR next? 
Driverless cars will ruin the thrill of driving 
UK to allow driverless cars in January 
Hang on, Dusty Eyes stops me from getting in another driverless car. I checked a bag. You can do that on a private jet? He shrugs.
Wow!  Driverless vehicles? Even in the streets of D.C.? 
Driverless Car Tested in D.C. Streets 
When cars are driverless, will police sirens be necessary?
From driverless cars to driverless aerial vehicles .. A $GOOG experiment to attract talent in the near term.  
I want the driverless car, and BAD. Seriously I would be happy if tomorrow morning there were no drivers behind the wheel.
One of Google's engineers is developing a Driverless Car...amazing.
Driverless cars ? What's the point ?
Why is the driverless car prototype a Prius? That is a bad ideer.
Driverless cars?!! Wth!i honestly don't think that's a good idea..
WSJ's auto critic Dan Neil on why driverless cars are inevitable and why that's a good thing: 
Can't believe that in less than 5 years you'll be able to own driverless car ! 
Google's driverless cars are expected to become legal on California roads today. 
i hacked my driverless car so now it just drives the streets at night alone, wondering where the time went; why we're here; how it will end
Score! California becomes second state (after Nevada) to legalize driverless cars: 
Can the Google driverless cars drive my kids to soccer practice? That would TOTALLY help.
Google developing a driverless car??? da facckk?!
The future of google...driverless cars...space elevators... 
Driverless car rolls backwards out of parking space, crashes into pillar outside Town Country entrance. 
I'm really curious what impact driverless cars will have on transportation and car ownership in the future.
Driverless robo-cars seems no fun to me / 
So I had an idea for F1 - teams can field a third car, but it must be driverless - no human input allowed. Totally autonomous.
Automotive technology: Driver-less cars will reduce accidents, ease congestion.
How driverless cars are here to stay and how many lives they'll save: 
Driverless cars bill signed by Gov. Jerry Brown: Nearly 50 years to the day after The Jetsons debuted on ABC f... 
Driverless cars are now legal in California. Road head just became 47% less dangerous. Ladies, come check out my robot car.
Driverless car bill is signed in California at Google headquarters 
I can't wait until driverless cars actually makes this true. 
driverless cars are legal, thats probably the most intelligent thing ever
Driverless cars ? I think I'm about done with the world! I can't deal. GOOGLE is coming out with everything
California legalizes driverless cars!? Wtf! Right when I leave California too -.-
Can driverless cars be the cure to traffic? 
Do you trust driverless cars? I do as long as they use Google Maps 
Capitol Alert: Jerry Brown signs driverless car bill 
Driverless Cars: Now Street-Legal in California ... a good reason to leave CA... no one is behind the wheel 
Gov. Brown gives green light to driverless cars in California - Chicago Tribune 
Google testing driverless cars in CA??
While you were sleeping, driverless cars just got a little bit closer to mainstream. 
Gov Brown's press conference was set in a dystopian future where billionaire cyborgs unleash armies of driverless cars: 
Say word you can have a driver-less car in California now... 
i was watching tv an they said that driverless cars are gonna be hitting the streets in about 5 years...
Companies soon to optimize high fuel costs with driverless vehicles; already legal in CA, NV, FL. 
Nerds galore! CA becomes 2nd state (after NV) to legalize driverless 
Driverless Cars: Now Street-Legal in California 
Driverless Cars: Now Street-Legal in California - 
As soon as driverless cars become the norm I'll just start riding a motorcycle. 
California signed a bill to permit driverless cars on the road. Bill was entitled the Asians Off the Road Act
Neil: Driverless cars in  5 yrs. Everyone else: lol wrong. Reality: 
Me Driverless cars in  5 yrs (
Wall-E world is getting closer &gt;&gt; With a Push From Google, California Legalizes Driverless Cars - NYT 
California okays driverless cars: Can I take mine in a VW beetle and call it Herby? 
Google buys nest, Google makes driverless cars, Google makes phones... Google takes over the world. 
Gadgets that stood out, priced from $3.99 to $250,000: From driverless cars to TVs that can watch you, companies... 
Home automation and driverless cars are the future. Google is now a leader in both. In 25 years, automated cars will be the norm.
Detroit Auto Show: U-M to build fake downtown to test driverless cars: The testing site will be built on what... 
A review of one the driverless cars at CES: 
Had a dream last night about a rotary phone and a driverless car 
If a driverless car gets pulled over for speeding, who pays the ticket?
I just really want said driverless car for this eight hour drive to NC.
The more driverless and future looking a car is, the more it looks like a raindrop. 
Gov't regs drive tech to make cars cleaner and safer. Driverless cars are next. Maybe we need tech to make guns that can't fire at people?
This auto insurer is not happy about a future of driverless cars. 
Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Ford to work on driverless car: The Massachusetts Institute of Technology,... 
I don't know about other states, but the average Minnesotan is a terrible driver. Can't wait for driver-less cars!!!
Ford taps top universities to pursue driverless car technology: Ford is teaming up with MIT and Stanford... 
French company demos driverless shuttle at CES: LAS VEGAS  French company Induct on Monday showed off the first... 
Driverless cars! Now I'm all about that! Less people behind the wheel texting and not paying attention to the road! 
Turn your nest to a balmy 85 degrees&gt; 
Driverless cars- one of the biggest and most exciting technology trends of the next 10 yrs 
Driverless Car Test Site Aims To Open By Fall: DETROIT (WWJ/AP) - University of Michigan and state government... 
Carmakers: Driverless cars still need legal framework: With apologies to David Hasselhoff and KITT, Knight... 
Carmakers: Driverless cars need legal framework: The future of driving is right around the corner. 
Just saw a google driverless car 
Little hope: Google's in house name for the driverless car program is Project Jesus Take the Wheel
How would you make the driverless car 100 times safer than human drivers - not 10 times safer? 
Driverless van rolls onto runway as Toronto flight lands
Tough choice: Should a driverless car swerve to avoid pedestrians if that means hitting other vehicles? 
Google Maps and Android are just stepping stones to Driverless Cars. Need maps and GPS data to make it easy for the cars.
Will auto insurers survive their collision with driverless cars? 
I really look forward to driverless cars 
Mass-produced driver-less cars in the next ten years. I cannot wait. 
CONCORD: DMV handing out testing permits for driver-less cars: DMV handing out testing permits for driver-less cars 
CONCORD: DMV handing out testing permits for driver-less cars: DMV handing out testing permits for driver-less cars 
Georgia could be first state to test driverless cars on local roads 
Death, drones and driverless cars: how Google wants to control our lives  
Driverless van rolls onto runway as Toronto flight lands: The Transportation Safety Board of Canada is launching... 
BMW Forecasts Cars Will Be Highly Automated by 2020, Driverless by 2025. 
Hurry up with that driverless car already eating tweeting and driving at the same time is Not easy
Driverless cars can't come soon enough 
If Selenium has showed us anything its what will happen with driverless automobiles.
U-M driverless vehicle effort gets additional support: Industry partners plan to each commit a total of $1... 
UM's driverless-vehicle effort gets additional support: Associated Press - ANN ARBOR  An effort at the... 
Toyota exec, We are not building driverless cars.  At safety seminar, company syss automated technology meant to help drivers.
Forget driverless cars, Toyota wants high tech to make drivers safer: A completely driverless vehicle is not the... 
How Does Driverless Car Insurance Work?: Some 1 billion people are now using Android devices, Google said as the... 
Huge. Expect insurance companies to fight this soon. CA issues permits for testing driverless cars on public roads. 
Driverless Cars, Talking ATMs: Products Designed with 
How Does Driverless Car Insurance Work?: Some 1 billion people are now using Android devices, Google said as the... 
People freaking out about auto-pilot driverless cars, because humans behind the wheel: TOTALLY SAFE.
Toyota Not Expecting Driverless Cars Soon: YPSILANTI, Mich. (AP) - Your car soon will do more to help avoid a... 
My most common dream themes: backseat of a driverless car, scary elevator that goes every direction, long, flowing hair.
He heard that driverless cars were coming and didn't want to miss his shot at cruising down the 
iPhone 6 in the air, Google Driverless Car on the road; what else are attractive while driving? 
. Honolulu building driverless transit  . 
Will my toddler even need to learn how to drive? Driverless cars running urban landscapes by 2030? 
Google's vision of driverless future at odds with automakers: Google Inc., with its vision for a future where... 
Elon Musk says driverless cars from Tesla are at least 5-6 years out due to the challenges of object recognition: 
Don't be alarmed -- but driverless cars could soon appear on metro streets 
I wonder if I can drink while I'm riding in my driverless car from 
Combine Uber with driverless cars and 9 out of 10 vehicles become obsolete.  
Jaguars will remember your anniversary as cars get smarter: Like the push to develop driverless technology,... 
The Office Of The Future Is A Self-Driving Car 
Car of the future filtered with a tint from the past 
Now when I see a Google self driving car I say meh. Now when it can fly that'll be the future!
If you ever had any doubt we live in the future: my car just parallel parked itself. Insanely cool technology.
apparently self driving cars are a thing of the future, wtf is the point of a self driving car in the first place smh
Tweet from The Near Future, ...A self-aware military aircraft drone destroyed a self-driving car as it was parallel parking...
Adaptive cruise control is here - self driving cars in 2017. The Future of Car Technology [INFOGRAPHIC] 
All I really want is a self-driving car. Future of Tech predictions 
In case there was any question that living in San Francisco is living in the future, I just passed my first Self-Driving Car. O_o
The Future! Faster Safer commutes requested from a computer in ur pocket (smart phone) 
I did my part today to foster innovation and invent the future. I tailgated a Google Self-Driving Car.
The future right there! New Google Self-Driving Car Ditches the Steering Wheel 
I took a ride in Google's self-driving car 
YES YES YES YES a future in which people simply order a self-driving car when they need one. 
An Intel Robot goes to a bar in a Google self driving car to order drink in Esperanto using Skype - The future is here guys.
The future is here. Google Self-Driving Car Project 
The future of the self-driving, electric car: 
Spotted in NY: a self driving car. Broken down. Holding up the ones with actual humans driving them. Welcome to the future people
Spotted both a Google self-driving car and a Tesla Roadster on the freeway. The future is now.
A car that drives all by itself now. Starting to look a lot like the crazy future movies 
A look at Google's latest self-driving car and the future of transportation. 
I went for a ride in Google's self driving car today - it blew my mind! the future is now o_o 
Google shows off self-driving car: On Monday Google unveiled a new, safer way to drive that may be the future of... 
Saw Google's self driving car today. Freaky, the future is now! 
crossed the street in front of a Google self driving car.   lived to tweet about it.  the future!
Saw a Google self-driving car on the way home. The future is closer than you think. 
While eating lunch my podcast discussed the end of paper/pencils while a tesla and self driving car passed. 
Every single alleged future benefit of the self-driving car can be realized today  100 fold  in any sensible public transit system.
Google's Self-driving Car Isn't A Car, It's The Future 
If Google's self-driving car is the future, I don't want to be a part of it. 
Is the future almost here?: Google Unveils Self-Driving Car Prototype 
Google Self-Driving Car spotted, again.
I just drove next to a Google self driving car!!
Google Wants To Drive Development Of Its Own Self-Driving Car. 
Google is reportedly designing its own self-driving car. 
Google invests in Uber; Google designing own self-driving car; Uber dispatches Google self-driving cars; public transit changed forever.
When google figures out the self driving car and puts the technology in Uber, there will be thousands of self driven black cars
Google is laying the groundwork to build its own self-driving carwithout a major auto manufacturer as partner 
Another route 101 fun one...the google self driving car..unsure what the people in the car were 
The self-driving car, from Silicon Valley to Sweden.. 
Now who's self driving car is this? 
I might be the only person who starts 
Just passed a Google self-driving car. Probably commonplace for you San Franciscans.
Almost as rare as a Sasquatch sighting - a Google self-driving car 
If a Google self driving car is speeding, whom do you give the ticket to?
Google wants drivers to wear Glass to gather data on driver behavior to refine self-driving car algorithms and understand car ux.
Just drove past a Google self driving car. - like WHOA!
I was just passed by a google self driving car. :-)
Spotted google self driving car in downtown Davis, Ca
Just saw a Google self driving car drive by pretty sweet!
I'd attend a self driving car racing event. Google vs Toyota. 
Google self driving car... (at I-280 South) [pic]  
Saw a Google self-driving car on 280 yesterday. It was not driving slowly in the fast lane; that's a major improvement over humans already.
Saw the google self driving car while driving to work. The man held his hands up to me to show it really was driving itself 
I wish I had a google self driving car right now. 
Just saw Google self driving car going 75+ mph on 280. Odd that algorithm allows speeding? Who gets the ticket?
It's a beautiful day... TO DRIVE NEXT TO GOOGLE'S SELF-DRIVING CAR. 
Google Self-Driving car is also headed towards 
Which one is more difficult to find on California's highways: Tesla Model S or Google Self driving car?
Going to keep my eyes peeled on the I-10 tomorrow for the Google self driving car --&gt; 
Saw a Google self-driving car in the wild today. Thoroughly freaked out.
Just saw a Google self-driving car doing 10 over. Hmmmm.
I just saw a Google self-driving car!
6yo asks when he can drive a car. 10 years, or probably never w/ self driving, type in where you want to go. He says cars like Google?
Wow! A Google self-driving car in action! 
Have you seen the google self driving car in dc? 
Google fine tunes its self-driving car for city streets 
just cut off a google self driving car 
Google self driving car parked at S Capitol D St SE 
Take a ride in Mountain View in the Google self-driving car 
I am so ready for this to go mainstream. Google Self-Driving Car on City Streets: 
That awesome moment when you're walking to work and the 
Google has a self driving car in California.... My dream come true!
When will you be able to buy a self driving car? Google guy saying 5 years, Ford 20-25. Who is right? 
Google Self-Driving Car on City Streets: 
Googles self driving car. Who gets the ticket when the system glitches? 
2017, Google? I'm ready for the self driving car now!
Mind blowing Google self-driving car video visualizing the driving technology  
The latest chapter for the self-driving car: mastering city street driving   
Google has a self driving car... Can I have one?
Learning about how a blind man can now travel where he wants/needs via Google's new self driving car at the Google Innovations presentation.
After reading the intro of my tech book and seeing that self driving Google. Car.. That's scary technology.
Google can build a self driving car, but can't seem to deliver a clip of ducks to my phone. Why is YouTube is the worst at mobile video?
First encounter with a Google self driving car today. Tailgated for a bit.
Has anyone else seen the robotic self driving car by google? So awesome!
Spotted on 280-a Google Self driving car being driven hella slow and being passed by everyone and their grandmother
Chasing the google self-driving car  (Warning: it may be too boring to watch it) 
Passed a Google self-driving car on the highway. Driver was playing car-Monopoly. 
Just saw the Google self-driving car on US-101.
Google self driving car in my neighborhood! 
Breaking: Microsoft Develops Self-Driving Car to Compete With Google, Death toll still rising as authorities struggle to contain destruction
Google has a self driving car!!!! Awesome
Google Just Unveiled A Self-Driving Car Prototype Without A Steering Wheel Or Pedals 
Is switch from uberx to a google self driving car tomorrow. Their investment in the latter makes sense to me.
Google Unveils Its Self-Driving Car: No Brake Pedal, No Gas Pedal and No Steering Wheel 
Google Just Unveiled A Self-Driving Car Prototype Without A Steering Wheel Or Pedals 
Google Reveals Self-Driving Car with No Steering Wheel or Brakes 
Google has a self driving car
Google unveils new self-driving car, steering wheel and pedals not included 
Google unveils new self-driving car, steering wheel and pedals not... 
Google has a self driving car. 
Is ir me or does everyone else think the ONLY reason to get a Google self driving car is so you can get a ride home when your drunk??
I don't think there is a person more in need of the Google Self driving car than myself.
Dragon V2 :) more beautiful than google self driving car for sure 
Google shopping express would be a lot cooler if it was delivered by the google self-driving car.
Just saw a Google self driving car get passed by two armored personnel carriers 
So Lyft, Uber, and Sidecar have to get into the self driving car business or Google kills, them, huh?
If you get a ticket while in a self-driving car, Google wants you to send them the ticket 
Google's Self-Driving Car on 101! 
Here's a picture of the Google self driving car giving Secretary of Transportation Fox a ride. 
This happened today.&gt;Google has built a completely self-driving car from the ground up. 
How cute is this prototype google self driving car?  Wat a widdle cutie. Certainly not a terrifying killer robot. 
Google unveils new self-driving car, steering wheel and pedals not included 
Google Unveils Self-Driving Car Prototype Without A Steering Wheel Or Pedals 
I think the new Google self-driving car was modeled after an old PC mouse. 
PCWorld: Google unveils prototype self-driving car, without steering wheel or brakes. 
Another reason I love working at Google X. Mashable: Google Unveils Self-Driving Car. 
Google rolls out prototype self-driving car: Google has rolled out prototype self-driving cars, the Wall Street... 
Google moving forward with self-driving cars: LOS ANGELES (AP)  Google is building a car without a steering... 
What if you have trust issues? Does it go out the way to drive by ads? Google exhibits it's new self driving car 
Prototype self driving car omits mirrors, pedals, steering wheel 
Just spotted a google self-driving car!
Just saw a google self driving car! No hands!!!!!
saw my first Google self-driving car today. It parked itself but it took the driver 15 minutes to figure out how to pay the meter :P
Google self driving car on northbound of US-880 
Check out Google's improvements on their Self-driving car! 
The Google self-driving car is cool, but so obvious a next step by now that it almost looks archaic. 
Google is making a self driving car with no steering wheel! 
Wow. Microsoft announces Babelfish and Google announces the Jetson's self-driving car. What's Apple got? Kraken? 
Google self driving car! Google has ordered two hundred prototypes from manufacturing partners in Detroit 
Google to build self-driving car with no steering wheel 
Google self driving car. We'll be there sooner than you think.
Just pulled up next to a Google self-driving car...
unbelievably excited about the google self-driving car
Seriously Google, this is what your badass, no steering wheel, self-driving car looks like? 
My next car purchase WILL be a Google self-driving car! Check it out on the interwebs 
Google made a self-driving car?! 
it's not even been 24 hours since we read the 
Google made a self-driving car, and it doesn't have a steering wheel 
Genius move by Google to make the self driving car brand approachable and cute. So disarmingly brilliant.
Google showed new from-scratch self driving car - Pretty amazing: 
Can't believe those idiots at Google wasted so much time building a self driving car when they could have been making a free to play game.
The google self driving car is going to kill the automobile as we know it.
When I coined the Google self-driving car as the Goober -- I only had the spelling wrong: 
Love when Google does futuristic stuff like this. Also giving the self driving car a face is pretty genius: 
Google X Introduces A Fully Self-Driving Car, Sans Steering Wheel And Pedals 
Just saw the Google self-driving car on 880 near Hayward. Yay, technology!
Get out of the carpool lane, Google self-driving car. Nobody is driving you. You are not a carpool. 
On the Google campus today, self driving car with a radar that images out a 3D view around. We played chicken and won.. 
in the Bay Area you occasionally run into fun things like this, the 
Google has created self driving car. No more driving it does it for you wasssup!
Really google has a self driving car? And my work has a fleet of them already...
Hey Google! I want a self driving car.
It's 2014. Google is working on a self driving car, but it is impossible to keep a fitted sheet on my mattress. SOMEONE FIX THIS.
Oh look a Google self-driving car. 
I told the Google self driving car I felt lucky. It took me to the headquarters of a hundred different fake reverse phone number sites.
I WOKE UP IN A NEW SELF-DRIVING LEXUS. Smooth test drive in the Google self driving car... 
Google Glasses, Google Self-Driving Car, Google Coding....And we still have to deal with Google Plus? Really guys? 
Google tricked us into thinking the street view feature of google maps was for our pleasure when it was actually for their self driving car
Ha, this is the ignition in a google self driving car. 
If Your Self-Driving Car Gets a Ticket, Should Google Pay? 
Google's self-driving car should terrify Detroit 
Apples not even barely doing anything a couple features here and there google has got self driving car Google glass google tango project ara
If I get rich I'm buying a google self driving car for the drunken debauchery nights
G-creepy self-driving car has Google street maps of the world now Dropcams in your house wow the internet of things 
Don't wait for Google - this company can make your current car self-driving for $10k. 
First: I passed a Google self-driving car.  Resisted the temptation to test it's anti-collision software.
How awesome is this: google self-driving car with streetview cam outside of 
saw my first google self-driving car today!
Saw the google self-driving car for the first time today! Feel like I spotted a celebrity... 
Self driving car, google glass, project loon, Makani power. A sneak peek into 
Bet this guy didn't know he was on camera too!!! 
Just saw google self driving car
Google self-driving car spotted all over NYC today.. 
Just saw a Google self-driving car in the wild! Woot! It was extremely well behaved. Me wants!
Google self-driving car spotted driving Apple's Infinite Loop, clearly attempting to discover Apple secrets, but uncovered nothing.
Google self-driving car seen again outside of SJSU. 
85 degrees on 280N driving my Tesla S passing a Google self-driving car.. I love Silicon Valley..
A Google self-driving car just went by me - thank goodness I was wearing a hat to protect my privacy from this creepy dorky monster ;)
A Google self-driving car just went past me - thank goodness I was wearing a hat to protect my privacy from this creepy dorky monster ;)
Google Self-driving car is out in front of the office  Did I mention how excited I am for the machine uprising? I love robots 3 
Guy in the drivers seat of Google self driving car using an iPhone for a phone call
This is the coolest sight to see when you get home. The 
I was making a left from 
Self-Driving Car Test: Steve Mahan this is amazing. 
Google self driving car at Castro St 
Google's Self-Driving Car gathers almost 1 GB per SECOND. Here's what it sees making a left turn: 
Tesla talking to Google about self-driving car technology: NEW YORK (CNNMoney)  Tesla Motors founder and CEO... 
Google self-driving car, sighted at Starbucks drive thru.
Google self-driving car, sighted with human driver. Not driving self.
Spotted a Google self driving car in the wild 
Will the Google self-driving car be to the automotive industry what Amazon has been to publishing: 
Google Self-Driving Cars: 300k+ miles, only one accident which was caused by a human in another car. 
First time I've seen the 
Just saw a google self driving car. It's the start of the robot revolution
China's Baidu to challenge Google with its own self-driving car 
Google makes a self driving car....
I think I just saw a Google self-driving car (Lexus RX)  in an accident on San Antonio on ramp to 101. A car was overturned.
Look! Its the Google maps car. Its says its self-driving and that scares me... 
China's Baidu to challenge Google with its own self-driving albeit wheeled car 
2nd time in the last two days I have seen the 
Working a mixer for the Mountain View Chamber of Commerce.  Hoping I come home with a Google self driving car
A Google self-driving car that allows me to meme during my commute?  
The Google self driving car should have an I'm Feeling Lucky feature that drives you to a random location in your area 
this is like the tenth time this week that i've seen a google self driving car i think they're stalking me 
When you're honking at the car in front of you, then realize it's a 
Sitting outside a restaurant in Mountain View and everyone goes silent to watch a Google self-driving car make a turn through downtown. Awe.
Would you own Google's self driving car? Find out the popular votes! 
Spotted on the streets of Mountain View at 730: a Google self-driving car. Geeked out so hard.
Google should give me their self driving car so I can sleep everywhere
Saw my first Google self driving car. 
Just passed a Google Self-Driving Car, validating that robot drivers are boring, law-abiding bitches.
Another day another Google self driving Lexus SUV sighting. Apparently they have car pool lane access? Jealous.
Google self driving car taking blind MSN to Taco Bell and dry cleaners...awesome! 
Spotted on Califonia Ave in Palo Alto. Google self driving car. 
i have the beginning of a movie: 2 kids steal a self driving car from google. working on the rest.
We just cut up a google self driving car. The brakes came on! :-) 
Ahhh just saw a google self driving car!!!!
Just got passed by a google self driving car 
The google self driving car has gone 300,000 miles with out crashing. But will it work in India. I know India is a hard place to drive!
Just saw a google self-driving car handle some pretty amazing situations in downtown SF. Better than a human could. It's ready.
Thats the google self driving car spotted on 680 
Just spotted the google self driving car. Mountain View == Eureka 
Just saw the google self driving car... In the carpool lane. That's cheating! 2 or more _persons_!!!
Batman created the self-driving car first. Sorry Google.
Just passed a Google self-driving car on 280. It looks like they only go the speed limit.
Tim O'Reilly: Man-Machine symbiosis and networked cooperation (think Google self-driving car) will become the global brain 
Just got passed, while sitting in traffic, by the Google self-driving car on 101.
Question: If you were to purchase a Google Self-Driving car online, would it deliver itself to your home?
Google self driving car spotted at 16th and Guerrero 
Looks like the Google self-driving car decided to drive itself to the park on a beautiful sunny morning. [pic]: 
Parked behind Google's Self-Driving car, it didn't help me parallel park at all! 
Just passed the Google Self-Driving Car. 
Google self driving cars; because every car should have a mini bar.
Regularly going to lunch near Google has lead me to expect a self-driving car appearance every day. 
Aww damn. Self driving car sighting! 
What is cooler than Tesla?  A Google self-driving car on 280
*irresistible urge to ram the google self driving car on my street*
Google plex was pretty huge and fun. Got to see the giant android figures and a self driving car.
Saw a Google self driving car out in the wild. What a let down it was to see a driver at the wheel. Or was it an Android driver... Hmmm?
Google Self-Driving Car and No Driver 
Google self driving car! Love what this company does and stands for in the world 
A google self driving car drops you off at home as the pizza drone drops off dinner.
Huh. Spotted a Google self-driving car.   (No it wasn't unmanned.)
Following a Google self-driving car.
I stepped onto a pedestrian crossing in front of the Google self driving car.  It stopped.
IRobot CEO: Google may have bought Boston Dynamics for robotic package delivery: Take a Google self-driving car,... 
google self-driving car. It's real. 
Google, I don't need a self driving car...I need a car that needs no road
Google self driving car in the wild just now!
Google self-driving car spotted in Mountain View! 
It's still not a Jetsons flying car. Google: Self-driving cars in 3-5 years. Feds: Not so fast 
Apple Watch + Siri + Google Self-Driving Car = Knight Rider. 
If the Google self-driving car gets a ticket, does the ticket go to the car or the driver?
Just spotted a Google self-driving car. Someone was clearly driving, though. 
Meeting with the Governor while wearing crocs 
That thing where you get caught behind a Google self-driving car (at San Jose) [pic]  
Just saw a Google self-driving car near Barefoot Coffee  
Google self-driving car on 101 
POLL: So, what do you think, 
Google needs to finish that self-driving car before we lose the genius of Amanda Bynes. 
A google self driving car in the wild!!!  Photo by Sam DeCanio. 
Is Google going to make a version of Google Glass that fits onto the windshield of your self-driving car? Cut out the people entirely.
Google's self driving car just passed my bus. Didn't know they taught it to speed already. 
Just passed a Google self-driving car on the 101! I want one of those
Someday a Google self-driving car is going to take me to an empty field, lock the doors, and say Payback time. 
Screw waiting around for the Google self-driving car. I'm going to independently fly to wherever I want to go. 
Haha my google self driving car video with peehurts as the bgm got an explosion in views today
First time I've seen the google self driving car on road - certainly safer than my taking a pic of it ! 
Google self driving car - up close on the way to the hotel 
Why I love living where I live: just passed Google self-driving car. 
Google self driving car sighting !! So cool!
Google Self-Driving Car seen in the wild 
A Google self driving car in person. 
If you won't trust Google bc of Reader, be ready to trend on Reddit when I take a pic of you sulking with my Glass from my self-driving car.
Awesome-sauce!! Just saw a Google self driving car on the highway - the person in the driver seat was on their phone...
A Ride in the Google Self Driving Car 
Google's Self-Driving Car To Be Tested Without Backup Driver: Google has developed several prototypes of their... 
The perks of driving around in the Bay area. A Google Self-Driving Car might show up next to you 
Why is the Street View car out at night? I thought.  As it passed me, I saw the rear bumper,  Google Self-Driving Car. Take that 
1, 2, 3...google self-driving car 
Google self-driving car, as seen in the wild. Although now there is someone behind the wheel. What up. 
Saw the google self driving car in CA today.  I wonder when I can buy this car!   
Just saw a Google Self Driving Car on my way to work. Had an urge to cut it off just to see what it would do.
Clearly, I live in the Bay Area bubble...I see people wearing Google Glass every week. Seems as normal as the self-driving car! 
Just saw a Google self driving car with NO ONE DRIVING. I know it seems obvious with the name, but still 
Google made a self-driving car, and it doesn't have a steering wheel, accelerator or brake pedal. lol no thanks
If the Google self driving car requires a Google+ account to operate, you can count me out.
Google testing there self driving car 
Passed a google self driving car on 280. Never felt unsafe around it. Felt -way- unsafe around other drivers gawking at it.
I hope Google acquires Uber and merges it into the self-driving car project.
Google is reportedly designing its own self-driving car  
You're in a Johnny Cab, Google designing its own self-driving car: 
Google self-driving car deal with parts supplier Continental near: Google, setting the stage to commercialize its... 
when you work at Google sometimes a Bugatti Veyron rolls may roll past a self driving car 
Seen the Google self driving car: Check! :D
Just used Google voice on my phone to search for self driving car. Selected internet and it gave results. First time tried on phone  awesome
Google self-driving car. Taken with Google Glass. 
Google self driving car is now delivering ... 
Here's the Google self driving car from another angle. 
I've just seen a Google self driving car. It  was stickered up like something an 80s radio dj would drive
Now if everyone trusted them, and laws didn't hold those car companies and Google back, we would have self driving cars already...
Google self driving car wtf, I would not trust that
Experts: Google needs Detroit to fuel self-driving car biz: Dustin Walsh - Google Inc. is positioning to become a... 
Google made a self driving car with no wheel or gas pedal... that's freaking sick 
So if this google self driving car takes off is everyone going to be asleep in the morning on the freeway? Will the have alarm clocks?
If I sit in the backseat of my new Google Self Driving car after leaving the bar, can I avoid culpability of DUI charges? 
I can't wait till my google self driving car talks back and says so guillermo we doing White Castle again? At 3:13am on a Tuesday.
How Google has been working to disrupt w/ self driving car. 
Google made a self-driving car, and it doesn't have a steering wheel 
Self driving cars by Google + Google Now = car arrives without you even requesting it.
Google made a self-driving car, and it doesn't have a steering wheel or brakes 
Very cool - completely self driving car - 
Google unveils new self-driving car. And one of my friends is *not* behind the wheel! Small world. :-)  
Google to build self-driving car prototype with no steering wheel: Google is building a self-driving car without... 
Google made a self driving car and I can't even do my homework
Google to offer its own self-driving car. This is huge. 
I fully expect the Google self-driving car to be in the next episode of 
Google unveils self-driving car prototype 
Just went for a drive around the Google Campus. Saw a self driving car. Mind blown
Just saw a google self driving car. I think I have found the answer to all my problems
Just boarding an airplane from San Francisco to go back home.  Google self driving car opens up great possibilities for people disabilities.
Google unveils self-driving car prototype 
It will be easier to create self driving cars.  Can Google design car touch-screen that isn't dangerous? 
Saw my first Google self-driving car (a lexus model) driving down the 101 in northern California yesterday...pretty cool!
Google's Street View car. Not to be confused with their self driving car. 
Audi says its vision of piloted driving because ultimate responsibility rests with the pilot 
Autonomous driving solutions, Lexus smart co pilot. 
Silicon Valley's answer to SXSW: Iggy Pop, Big Data, self-driving cars: In just over one month, San Jose will... 
I'm putting myself down AGAINST the self driving car.
Self driving cars are probably life saving.. but still creep me out.. 
Driving is by far the most dangerous thing we will do in our life time.   Solution: self-driving cars.   
Canada needs to get ready for self-driving cars: transportation advocate: A transportation advocate says... 
Nissan pledges to make self-driving cars by 2020: IRVINE, Calif.  Nissan Motor Co. says it will make cars that... 
2013 self driving cars, yet still no effective device to kill flys. I want a drone to hunt fly's. 
Nissan intends to sell self-driving cars by 2020. The race is on! 
Nissan self-driving cars by 2020 
Google Self-Driving Cars Should Record Driver Moves Despite Privacy Fears, USA Official Says -  
chicagotribune: RT chibreakingbiz: Nissan plans self-driving cars by 2020 
Angelinos have avoiding traffic down to a science. Self driving cars should really solve it. Maybe?
So, what happens when someone crashes into a self-driving Uber? Self driving ambulance?
WHAT?! Breaking: Nissan says it will offer multiple models of fully self-driving cars by 2020. That's just 76 months. 
How many Years before they make a self driving car with no manual mode?
Just spotted Google's Self Driving Car. 
I just made the connection between Google and Uber. Self-driving cars.
250M investment in Uber + self driving car tech == robo taxis! Yay
Uber has said it will be purchasing 2,500 of Google's self driving GX3200 cars.  
is google working on a fleet of self-driving robo taxis? 
Ppl from out of town don't believe I regularly see self driving cars and people with computers on their faces on my walk to work. But I do.
Google's self-driving cars spurned by manufacturers  
Self driving cars are easy. Creating an engine or VM that resembles the real world is the hard part.
Uber + Google Ventures = 5 years from now they won't have any driver but only self-driving cars. All the revenue will go to Uber. Massive.
Concern Mounts Over Self-Driving Cars Taking Away Freedom 
Reading an article about self-driving cars. I wouldn't be a fan of it.
How is it they can make a self driving car, but not a self driving jet way?
Idea: dedicated bus lane on I-5. Self driving, self coordinating super fast electric busses. SF to LA in 3 hours.
This whole self driving car thing cannot happen soon enough 
Google's self driving car will likely further harden the structural tech driven unemployment  
this is 7 years from now!!! nissan commits to make self driving cars by 2020 
Self-driving cars on the road by 2020, Nissan says: Robot cars could be produced at realistic prices about... 
Nissan plans to offer self-driving vehicles by 2020: Andy Palmer, Executive Vice President, Nissan, said the... 
Couple days ago I was wondering when there will be self driving cars, and just now the news talked about a self driving car from nissan
Self-Driving cars? Ummm not too sure about that
You'll be able to buy a self-driving Nissan in 2020 
Nissan has promised that it will have multiple, affordable self-driving car models by 2020 
Nissan promises self driving cars by 2020...give me a piece of dat Kit Kat! 
How long until self driving cars are hacked?
Is Google looking to build its own self-driving cars?: If automakers aren't interested in Google's self-driving... 
Nissan Autonomous Cars: We talk Self-Driving with R&amp;D chief Carla Bailo 
Self driving car on the road! :) 
I can't wait until self-driving cars become mainstream, way too many bad drivers out there
Take a look inside Nissan's self-driving car lab (slide show): Until recently, Nissan Motor Co. largely kept its... 
Hyperloop thought: Between this and self-driving cars capable of safely going 150mph+, we should abandon high-speed rail efforts.
This whole self driving car thing needs to hurry up and happen so I can sleep on my way to work.
Car enthusiast or not, if you're against self-driving cars, you probably haven't done the LA -&gt; Phoenix drive.
6 questions that need to be answered about self-driving cars: 
Canada needs to get ready for self-driving cars 
Just saw the Google self-driving Lexus SUV on 101 southbound past Palo Alto's University Ave. exit. That was crazy to see moving in traffic!
We have self driving cars, but I've been stuck at CVS for an hour waiting for them to fax things back and forth 
I will believe in Google the day it launches self driving cars for Indian roads
Volvo plans self-driving cars in 2014, envisions accident-free fleet by 2020.  
We are going into 2013 and theres no self driving cars 
sooner the better.  Don Howard and Mark P. Mills: Punch the Accelerator on Self-Driving Cars 
Just realized who will be liable when self-driving cars get in accidents: no one. Corporations will have you waive your rights on purchase.
Self-driving cars, hyperloop, elevated bikeways, urban gondolas. 
If a cop pulls you over for speeding, hop over the passenger side and explain to him, officer my car malfunctions I have self driving mode..
When we have voice controlled self driving cars, I wonder how many will be named 'Trolley'. 
There is, in development a vertical takeoff and landing self flying car. (See my last tweet). Self DRIVING cars are only 4 to six years out.
Self-driving hybrid Lexus. With two passengers though. 
Self driving cars would be amazing. DDs would be a thing of the past
It is the year 2014, humanity has invented self driving cars but has been unable to agree on how CSS should affect select&gt; 
Remote start? I need a self-driving car for days like this.
Nissan is working with google to have self driving cars in 6 years....By 2020 your life will be dramatically different
I'm my own self driving in my car to anywhere. got the music in me.
Bet with my boss tonight that people would accept self-driving cars before they'd accept remote-flown commercial jets. I'm right, right?
As former QA, I fear bugs in self-driving cars. Then I look around at folks and fear other drivers more than software.
Today I'm writing about self-driving cars. Here's an article I did earlier on James Bond's fav cars... 
Possible factS 3: In the year 2019, self driving cars will be invented and texting will be used using your mind(no hands)
Two things Tesla might want from Apple: maps for self-driving cars and iOS interface
Innovation districts, self driving cars, sharing economy - emerging plans to be considered with the comprehensive plan.
On self-driving cars remember H. Ford: If I had asked people what they wanted, they would have said faster horses.
I can live without hoverboards or self-driving cars, all I ask is that in the future there are snooze buttons that actually pause time.
Very much looking forward to a future with self driving cars where you can just reserve one by the hour.
Girl in driver seat of self-driving car looked so bored.
I wonder how well Google self driving cars do round-a-bouts?
Ford's Self-Driving Car Produces 3D Road Map  
I wonder if my Google Shopping Express delivery will be done by one of their self-driving cars. That would make me happy.
Hate traffic. Someone needs to hurry and invent self driving cars so stupid people can't make decisions.
self-driving cars: 4.2 million accidents avoided, 21,700 lives, $450 billion in related costs. 
Ok, a self-driving car is better than a flying car. 
Can't wait for self-driving cars so I can ride about town really drunk
Shared the road with a self-driving car. And there I was with my hands on the wheel like an idiot.
The office of the 21st century will be your self-driving car. 
Toyota FV2 - concept vehicle self driving or driving mode 
When the driver is abstracted into the service, an Uber/Lyft becomes an early, expensive self-driving car
A concept self-driving electric car. 
Everyone will have self-driving cars by 2026, analyst says 
Took a taxi to a train to a train to a train to a train this morning. Looking forward to a self-driving electric car one day.
Motion to make StL the first city with self-driving cars so that we can get all of these idiots out from behind the wheel
VOLVO is planning for self driving cars by 2014, and envisions accident free cars by 2020. WOW.
Self-driving car would have come in handy this morning
Google's self-driving car spotted in the Marina. 
Silicon Valley VCs predict 2013 trends: Space, robots, self-driving cars 
VentureBeat: Silicon Valley VCs predict 2013 trends: Space, robots, self-driving cars. 
Has anyone else seen that self driving car around JC? I've seen it twice now.
Life is like being child locked in a self-driving car for decades with a set destination off a cliff.
Here's A Sneak Peek At Toyota's Self-Driving Car 
'Toyota and Audi are throwing their hats into the ring of self-driving cars.' 
Oh. A self driving car seems like a good idea.  Will they have a separate Car prison when these cars start running people over?
CES is here! Lookin forward to self driving cars and panasonic Plasma tv's. 
Can I have my self-driving car now?
CES 2013 Auto Roundup: Self-driving cars, developer programs, QNX, Garmin K2 cockpit, and live vehicle diagnostics @ 
Cool ! CES 2013: Audi Demonstrates Its Self-Driving Car 
Google self-driving cars .. how cool. Anyone remember 'The Jettsons' cartoon show? Now I just need one of those cool jet packs LOL
I cannot wait until the first self-driving NASCAR MT Toyota, Audi to unveil self-driving cars at CES 
Toyota to reveal self-driving car research at CES 
The best and likely most useful part if self driving cars, will be when I can text my BMW, and tell it to come pick me up at the airport.
Toyota previews self-driving car - Toyota previews self-driving car 
How much safer Google's self-driving cars should be in order to get market acceptance? As safe, 2X safer or 20X safer? What do you think?
how old would you be if you didn't know how old you were? 
In reply to Google's self driving car, I've decided to test one made by Reddit. 
Self-driving car tech used to make driving easier: The self-driving car may still be years away, but its development... 
Self driving cars are a wasteful absurdity with no idea of the real 
Time for the world to be introduced to self driving cars! 
Only in San Francisco would I have a Self Driving car outside my place. Pretty awesome. 
Vint Cerf: Self-driving cars don't have road rage (NIST Cloud Workshop): 
Careful it's a self driving car! 
What obstacles will we have to overcome before self-driving cars ... - 
Took a picture of Google's self-driving car when visiting a friend there yesterday 
Self-driving car tech used to make driving easier: The self-driving car may still be years away, but its development... 
I couldn't be more excited about self-driving cars 
These self driving cars are dope af
That's crazy!!! My last RT I dont think people are ready for self driving vehicles
Plus who has enough money to afford a self driving car....not the majority I know that much
And may this tweet comfort the hearts of the parking enforcers, fearfully handing out tickets before the self-driving cars come for them.
So, someone saw a ZipCar being used as a Lyft car. Next up: Self-driving Uber?
Spotted Google's Self Driving car finally. 
Note to self: driving a 400 lb vehicle in 60mph gusting winds on an icy flightline is not a good idea. 
Can't wait for Google's self-driving cars to be available to the public, so a hacker 500 miles away can steal my car over the Internet.
Now that Google has self-driving cars on the road, I need is something to look up recipes self-cook. Yeah, it needs to self-shop too.
Spotted this self-driving car near my work just now. 
Not sure how I feel about self driving cars? Thoughts ?
I wonder how self driving car work in traffic with tons of cyclists, like in Holland, China or India.
I'd love a self-driving car :)
At CES, self-driving cars dance with believers, skeptics, and governments 
While driving past Google's self-driving car on Hwy 101 I decided to see if it would react to me coming into its' lane...
Did you know that Nikola Tesla invented the self-driving car? True story.
I need self driving cars asap. Intoxicated driving is getting old
Disruptor in chief crashes the party.Musk says Tesla's self-driving cars will still require a human driver 
The CEO of Moet Hennessy is speaking about his enthusiasm for Google's self driving cars!
I fully expect the next vehicle I purchase to be a self-driving car. My current car is just 3 years old, so they have time.
Meeting about Google's self-driving and connected cars. Good to meet Google's government relations 
Tell that to someone living 60 years ago. We're living science fiction. And on the eve of self driving cars, growing organs,
Self-driving car by 2015. Which brings this question: when is technology over the top and robbing us of being humans? Thoughts?
Google has self-driving buses. Like legit.
Germans working on a self driving car that accelerates, now that's awesome
This idea came to me naturally as I wondered how we should control population growth after self-driving cars solve vehicular manslaughter.
Everyone wants a self driving car. Have they ever thought how boring that would be with the way cars are designed now?
Self-driving vehicles move ahead faster than rules of road: The world has moved quickly from wonder at the idea... 
Cambridge MA is the strongest argument I know for self-driving vehicles.
I'll be glad when the day comes that we get self driving cars! I'm tired of almost getting sideswiped by old people!!!!!! UGH!!!!
Can't wait for the day when self-driving cars are ubiquitous 
My grandma called today asking what relation algorithms like those on netflix had to self driving cars, and how fractals relate to cs
Tesla hiring a self-driving car engineer: A very interesting job posting just came down the wire in Palo Alto:... 
With self driving cars space tourism on the horizon, how come no one has mastered the microwave's popcorn button? 
The new Bing logo looks like one of Google's self-driving cars ran over the Office logo.
Your Tesla could drive itself (mostly) in 3 years: Tesla Motors plans to have a self-driving car on the market... 
Most contentious question of the night:  Would you rather have a self-driving car or flying car?
Self-driving cars could be a decade away: A number of carmakers, with Nissan being the latest, claim that they... 
Self-driving cars could be on U.S. roads by 2020: Cars that drive themselves could be on U.S. roads by the end of... 
Canada needs to get ready for the self-driving cars that could be here in four years: transportation advocate: A... 
Is Canada ready for self-driving cars?
Self driving car only adds 5-7k to the sticker price?  Put me down for one. 
Reading - Congressman hitches a ride in a stealthy self-driving Cadillac (Sean Hollister) 
So if we have self driving cars....you can text, tweet etc right?! 
Self driving cars need to become mainstream before this can or should exist: 
I am so ready for self-driving cars with built-in WiFi hotspots.
Ford: Self-driving cars are coming. But the technology will arrive before society figures out how to make it work.
California DMV May Be First To Set Standards For Self-Driving Cars Of The Future: The DMV conducted its first... 
Why would you need to park your self driving car? 
I have no doubt that the future will bring self-driving cars....and soon, too.
Q of the day: when our houses and self-driving cars know everything and control our lives, what is the role of the consumer? 
I can't help but shake the feeling that sooner or later a self-driving car will malfinction suddenly drive you right into a river.
This interview with CEO on Progressive is super interesting. Talking about self-driving cars from perspective of insurer.
Brady: If I have a self-driving car exhibiting good behavior, why do I need auto insurance at all? 
are drivers becoming more and more distracted?  I think so. self-driving cars is a great solution to many problems.
Trying to solve transportation problems with self-driving cars is like trying to solve firearm problems with self-shooting guns.
Self-driving cars are a techno-suburban non-solution to a problem we already have a solution for.
I can't wait for self driving cars so we can abolish all stop lights
The bright future of our old age: self-driving cars, smoking weed, the internet of things, and clocking out at will.
So if one puts Google's self driving car together with Uber and ZipCar, is that Transportation as a Service in 4th platform? 
So when self-driving cars become a thing... what happens when these cars get in an accident? Who's to blame?
Self-Driving Cars Proposed as Solution to U.S. Highway Woes, Saving Money and Lives 
self driving cars will increase beer consumption at least 20% - SF Giants. LOL! 
Google has self driving cars that drive around the campus. What.
Let's talk about self driving cars. Those exist? - Nas 
Given DUI + texting while driving, self driving cars might be safer then people driving. still hard to wrap my head around.  
Deff blasted landslide and sang my heart out during my last self driving car ride home
Saw THREE of Google's self-driving cars on my way home 
The (near) future: self-driving cars and virtual reality driving for fun.
Science behind self driving Audi from Nvidia Germany office 
I would love a self-driving car, but what would a car, designed from the onset as self-driving, look like? Passenger conveniences?
Self driving car demo included a great deal of screaming from the person in the driver's seat. Lol 
NVIDIA and Audi demo self-driving car on stage 
Cool self driving car on Nvidia 
How did the world get to self flying airplanes before self driving cars?
Today, a self driving car passed me on Hwy 101. I felt like the algorithm was judging me. And my driving.
This is one those mornings where I want nothing more than I want a self driving car that can drive me to work.
Doomed Apple painfully introduced iOS 7 to compete with weird glasses and self driving cars
Self driving cars may be in slow lane 
anki drive: a game using tiny self-driving cars. Powered by iPhones over LE-Bluetooth.
When do those self-driving cars get here?
I could really use google's self-driving car right now. It would have made this text much safer for everyone.
Driving 80 miles to have dinner with a friend in Austin: crazy? By drive I mean be driven because I'm holding out for self-driving cars.
Hmm, so the government putting a stop to self driving cars shows they don't want progress on that front?
Future of transport is self-driving cars, says GPS inventor. 
If US really approve self-driving cars they will make a massive step ahead! While in Europe it would 
that self-driving car yet again 
Self driving tiny cars. Well played, Apple. (Quoting the Internet)
Google = Self Driving Priuses Apple = Self Driving Toy Cars  I don't see the difference. 
Self driving car optimized and kicks on! 
Can I say I don't care about self driving cars? 
Instead of $GOOG's self-driving cars, $AAPL will turn all of our cars into iOS devices 
Self-driving car goes to Taco Bell. I need one.
Are Google's self-driving cars going to ease traffic? Can't wait. 
Ford has started testing self driving cars... Guess I'll be able to sleep through rush now.
I'm in a self driving car. it's voice commanded. costs a little not a lot. and I don't own it. my question: why remake this out of silicon?
Feds Clear the Road for Self-Driving Cars, but they still cling to roadway classification 
I wonder if food trucks will ever be replaced by self-driving self-serving food vehicles...or even food drones
Assuming self driving cars in '17, when do we go from I'm not getting in that SD car to I'm not getting in that car if you are driving
When I see a Taxi with a roof ad pass me on the 101, out of the corner of my eye, I just assume it's a self-driving or streetview car.
When the first mass-produced self-driving car hits the market you can bet your ass I'm buying one.
The Self-Driving Office of the Future 
Could self-driving technology change face of business? Notre Dame professor thinks so.
Self-driving cars are great for bar hopping alcoholics. Self-driving cars; the new designated driver.
Daimler looking to have self driving cars on the road by 2020.  
Rise of the machines: Google's self-driving car enters new stage of development.  
You know we'd have self driving cars already if Google would stop assing around with April Fools pranks
I need a self driving car. Traffic on the 10 is just horrible.
How does a world of only autonomous, self-driving cars work in a capitalist economy? Could we buy a Toyota subscription package?
Self-Driving Cars Will Make Accident Claims Easier: Robot-driven vehicles may ultimately prove more a boon to... 
Can you imagine a self-driving car?
The First Look at How Google's Self-Driving Car Handles City Streets.  
Can someone explain to me how someone invented self-driving cars but no one can stop semis from flinging water everywhere on the interstate?
cyclists should start a pac to pave way for self-driving cars 
5 Things To Know About Google's Self-Driving Cars - ABC News. 
The First Look at How Google's Self-Driving Car Handles City Streets  
Google's self-driving cars can now understand cyclists' gestures. 
Google's self-driving car can detect cyclist turn signals, crossing guard stop signs, and hundreds of other obstacles 
Google's self-driving cars hit 700K miles driven; here's how they don't hit you: Ever wonder how those Google... 
Google has self driving cars now..
Imagine a world where self-driving electric cars store enough renewable energy while parked in their batteries to bridge baseload power reqs
Google claims big progress in self-driving cars' street smarts  
Google needs to roll out their self driving cars already so at least I can jerk off as I wait for the belt pkway to clear 
Trusting my children to a self driving car 
People complain about texting and driving, this about what 
Glass on its way, prefer self-driving car.
3 On Your Side: Self-Driving Cars Being Tested Now: By Jim DonovanPHILADELPHIA (CBS)  Cars that can drive... 
Famous self driving Audi traveling from Nvidia conference back to Europe by SAS 
Google's self-driving cars will know how to navigate city streets. 
I long for the future where there are self-driving taxis that roam the land picking me up and whisking me towards adventure.
Google claims big progress in self-driving car's street smarts  
In self-driving milestone, Google's autonomous cars are mastering city streets 
Google's self-driving cars can now understand cyclists' gestures 
Google's self-driving car makes strides toward autonomy 
Never mind self-driving....Nissan develops first self-cleaning car. 
Google stock is basically a mutual fund with holdings in advertising,  robotics,  cean energy,  and self-driving cars.
A self-driving RV will get you to the office while you're making your morning coffee. Or sleeping,  if 
The self-driving cars by Google take on the city streets Mountain View - Techsonia 
Latest update from Google on their self-driving cars... 
Yes people, a well programmed self driving car is a better driver than us! Get over it, buckle in enjoy the ride! 
Google's self-driving cars can now understand cyclists' gestures 
Ever wonder how self-driving cars work? Here, Google demonstrates how the cars navigate city streets. 
Look Ma No Hands panel on future of self driving cars 
Google making some good progress on self-driving cars 
Google's self-driving cars take on Mountain View city streets: The company said Monday its cars can now navigate... 
Why the Future of Self-Driving Cars Depends on Visual Computing 
To the girl w/ the latte putting on mascara in the car next me, Google's Self-Driving Car Drives Better Than You 
Self-driving cars hold 'great promise' for saving thousands of lives, says US government official 
From the Pirate Bay to Google's Self-Driving Car: 5 stories you have to read 
Found one of the Google's self driving cars with a good looking girl behind the wheel drive. Seriously is self dvng? 
First self-driving car spotting on Hayes St.!
Imagine what it would be like if Google's self-driving cars used the Apple maps app! (at Brewerton, NY)  
The key to really selling self-driving cars is Netflix in the front seat
Google self-driving Lexus on 280 North. 
Steer-by-wire: One step closer to accident-avoiding and self-driving cars 
Googles self driving cars...soo cool 
What do you think about these unmanned self driving cars that are showing up on roads? Safer or or is it a bad idea?
I want a self driving car so bad.
Self-driving education trumps self-driving cars: Thrun goes all in on Udacity with a $15M round 
I am not looking forward to driving tonight.  14hrs of boredom, 2am-4pm.  Where's my self driving car?
Found one of the Google's self driving cars with a good looking girl behind the wheel drive. Seriously is self dvng?  
9 hour drive, likely solo, next week. Truck or bike? Also, where is my self driving car already?
I want a self driving car
I am intrigued by Google's self driving car. But 1. I enjoy driving and 2. will my wife criticize Google's driving?
I 3 Google self-driving cars, but will always drive a manual for fun.  
Google's blog post on their self-driving cars, super cool: 
Google reveals its self-driving cars, which have no steering wheel or brake pedals  
Now that Google has Glass and self-driving cars, Segway could make a real comeback with a motorcycle without handlebars.
Self-driving Cars. Universal Translators. All here. What now?
No brake pedal, no steering wheel: Meet Google's new self-driving car: Google's two-seat, self-driving prototype... 
California to issue drivers licenses to self driving cars 
If you haven't seen it, the video Google made for their self-driving vehicle is actually good. 
There are two things I will never want in a car: cute and self-driving. 
I am amazed even more after seeing the video of googles self driving cars. Even if I did have a play car that looked cooler when I was 5
Can someone remind me how self driving cars help the world access information? (They are cool, though.)
The new self-driving cars from Google look really interesting. Can't wait to get inside of one! 
A self-driving car from the company who has helped make commuting even less necessary? What's the end game? 
Self driving cars = Transportation as a service and the end of vehicle ownership. Fewer cars in general. No more parking or parking lots.
Self driving cars = yet more time with our precious, precious screens.
Meet Google's new (truly) self driving car. 
Kara in self-driving car: I wanted to text and drink at the same time 
Roush to assemble Google self-driving cars in Allen Park, sources say: Dustin Walsh - Roush Enterprises Inc. will... 
8 big questions about Google's self-driving car: 
I refuse to have a self driving car.
Self driving cars by 2020? Alright. Lol
dang. Google made a self driving vehicle.
Think of the marketing possible tie-ins. The hot pocket self driving car with a microwave and fridge. Hot pockets on the way to the office.
Future's here. Self driving cars, once in mass market, has got to be the most disruptive thing since PCs. 
Googles making a self driving car. Microsoft is making a remote for your house. Will Apple make a self-cleaning house!
just saw one of google's self driving cars casually driving around
Brin shows video of prototype purpose-built self-driving car.
Saw Google's self driving car today
last night, was at a club guy dancing had google glasses, taking multiple photos w them. wish google focused on self-driving cars instead.
The only issue I believe with self driving cars us going to be whether or not people trust them.
Why all these people taking pics of the rain driving talking about be careful out there u need tobe careful ur self driving/raining pixing
I'm imagining the streets of the Mission clogged with self driving cars endlessly circling around looking for parking.
not like a self-driving car would cause commotion or something :) 
Mobileye raises $400 million to help put self-driving cars on the road before Google 
Nice article in NYT on self-driving cars and their value 
Don Norman is regaling us with stories of self-driving and self-parking cars.
Public sector: Train driver comp is &gt;100k and striking for more money. Private sector: Self-driving cars, let alone trains. Any questions?
The two things in the future I'm excited to see: self-driving cars and wooly mammoth clones.
Self-driving cars could create 1GB of data a second. 
Connected and Self-Driving Vehicle Sessions Bring Technology and Automotive Leaders Together: ANN ARBOR (WWJ) ... 
From Cadillac, a big step toward the self-driving car 
Self-driving cars are the next $240 billion market, analyst says: Self-driving cars are still a relatively rare... 
Walmart should build a self driving cars
I wonder if Uber is positioning itself for when self-driving cars become commercially available but are still expensive to buy.
Inside Nissan's Silicon Valley self-driving car lab: Until recently, Nissan Motor Co. largely kept its research... 
I was following one of these new Google self-driving cars on I280 today. Speed was 72mph... Do they do self-speeding tickets too? :)
I'm at Tired during drive. Activate self-driving car! (Santa Rosa, NM) 
self-driving cars was a genius PR strategy by google
Demo Video of Google's Self-Driving car. As a female Asian driver, this speaks volumes to me. :P 
Self driving cars = cool? Or do real men drive their cars by themselves? 
Really interesting question: when self driving cars become mainstream, will it be the end of people owning cars?  
2014 Mercedes-Benz S550, your self-driving luxury suite awaits: Motoramic Drives / imma buy this as a gift.  
I do know how I'm gonna drive to work. Can't open my eyes. Did ford get those self driving cars figured out yet?
I've seen the future. And self-driving cars r it. Lexus RX? That's how Google rolls. 
Whoa! I'm on the Twitter shuttle heading up 280 and we were just passed by one of the Google self-driving cars.
People are saying cars are almost self-driving.   1. I'm too prideful for that 2. I love driving 3. No way that's safe 4. No. Just all no
What's a self-driving car sees.  
California approves self-driving cars by 2015 
Where and when can I buy a self driving car
100 Self-Driving Volvos to Hit the Streets of Sweden 
I'm in a self-driving car! 
Can not wait for my self-driving Tesla
When we master self driving cars think of the unemployment it will cause
Cute that some of you are concerned self driving cars will be boring. Do you still hunt and kill your own dinner? Change happens.
Holy. Crap. Just press go: designing a self-driving vehicle  
Google to build self-driving cars 
just saw one of google's self driving cars!
Google to build self-driving cars. Funky looking but cool to see this dream come alive. 
A lot of thought went into Google's Self-driving car. 
Google's self driving car with no steering wheel - A First Drive: 
Google's cutesy self driving car designs are awesome. Cars don't need to look cool in a post-driver world, they need to look safe friendly
The true promise of self-driving cars: 
If Google's self-driving car can negotiate the social confusion of a typical Seattle four-way stop junction, I think their work is done.
I bet the Chinese self driving car will go much faster than 25 mph! 
Who is responsible if a self-driving car gets into an accident?
Self-driving cars put hype in their rear-view mirror. The potential is real NOW. 
Google Says Its Self-Driving Cars Can Tackle City Streets Now 
What are the 5 things you should know about Google's self-driving cars? Click here to find out! 
The self-driving car masters city-street driving | KurzweilAI 
Calif. Adopts Rules For Self-Driving Car Testing: SACRAMENTO (AP)  California has new rules that govern the... 
I wonder of self-driving cars will hate the DMV as much as humans do. 
Defiantly going to get my self-driving car license. :)
The $87 billion question: How big can the market for self-driving cars get? 
Used the auto park feature for the first time on my car today while parallel parking. Pretty cool, bring on self driving cars!
California approves self-driving cars by 2015 
On self-driving cars: Should A Robot Sacrifice Your Life To Save Two? 
Self-driving-car -on-self-driving-car road rage is how Transformers 5 begins.
I'm in a self-driving car! 
Nbd, but SELF-DRIVING CARS are a thing now. 
Riding in a self-driving car isn't scary. In fact, it's so mundane that you forget it's amazing 
Sergey Brin said self-driving cars may be ready by 2017  
Self driving cars get zero tickets ever. Once all cars go that way, cops will lose massive source of ticketing income.
Oh look how cute that little bug is! The next stop on the road to a self-driving car 
All the plusses attributed to best case implementation of self-driving cars could be descriptors of robust public transit. W/o all the cars.
that self driving car is terrifying, especially if it runs linux.
Googles self driving car nah bruh my car catch a proxy virus and I crash and burn nah I'm good I'll risk driving with a stering wheel
Google's self-driving car (or is it a taxi?)Very cute. Too cute? 
Should a self driving car have a steering wheel?   
I wonder how hard Insurance companies are going to start pushing self-driving cars
Cal me a Luddite, but I don't want a self driving car. Driving is a passion! I enjoy each gear change and turn of the steering wheel.
We've entered the post-post-pc era. We've entered the self-driving-car era. Both are true, big announcements. 
Google's new self-driving car reminds me too much of the Howard from Clear History.
This is awesome! A proper self driving city car. Can't wait to see these on the streets in Mountain View. Sign me up! 
Is it crazy to think that self driving cars will be the biggest innovation of the last few decades? 
I'm looking forward to Uber announcing their self-driving car initiative.
And speaking of Google self-driving Lexus RX450h's, I can only envision their ads in 40 yrs touting Lexus as pioneers. 
I saw an actual self-driving car today actually self-driving on a busy road in Mountain View. Indistinguishable from magic.
Why don't I have one of those self-driving Nevada cars yet? 
Futuristic cars in movies are very un-futuristic. Wouldn't they all be self driving?
Excited to see California issuing licenses for self driving cars by 2015. 
Google has self-driving cars built from the ground up. Probably the most amazing thing they have done. I wish my grandparents had had one.
Self driving cars = Significant reduction in accidents and road deaths. A smaller insurance industry. Much more diversity in vehicle design.
I promise you that the last thing this world needs is a self-driving car.
Self driving cars = intersections without traffic lights, roads with new kinds of machine-readable dividers and other signage.
Tech we have developed for self driving cars can also be applied to all cars...to make safer 
Self-driving car oh yeah I'm mos def getting that and rolling blunts on the way to the beach!
'Self-driving car' has no steering wheel -- or brakes! 
Uber CEO says he intends to eventually replace all drivers with self-driving cars. 
I don't really understand the point of a self driving car if it only goes 25 mph. No steering wheel or breaks. Just lazy Americans.
Not quite KITT, is it? The time has come. No turning back now. Google's self-driving car: 
Take A Look At Google's First Self-Driving Car Prototype | 9GAG.tv 
Look, Ma, no hands: Google to test 200 self-driving cars. 
Google's new self-driving car: 
Sleeping while driving? No problem! Uber will eventually replace all its drivers with self-driving cars 
Google's new self-driving car.  Face!  
I totally want to test drive a self-driving car.  That's the biggest oxymoron ever.
Google built a self driving taxi that drives itself, no steering wheel. 
Somebody on the Internet made a good point about the negatives self-driving cars will have on career truck drivers.
The self-driving car will have a truly massive economic impact many, many industries. Insane disruption. But in equal, opportunity.
Am I the only one who wants to see someone do this to one of the Google self driving cars? 
Google's next self-driving car will have no brakes or steering wheel 
Google's self driving cars will be custom built from the ground up. Check out the prototype - 
Google to build self-driving cars 
Self-driving car doesn't need a steering wheel: 
Google building self-driving cars with no driver's seat, brake pedals: Google is building cars that don't have... 
Self-driving cars? Isn't that why we have public transportation? 
We already have self-driving cars they're called Uber
Self driving cars sound so terrifying. Like what if they break or don't see construction or drive you off a cliff
What is this self-driving car nonsense? I swear, I feel like humans will have to do absolutely nothing for themselves in about a week.
Google's self-driving electric car! 
I should add that my new used car is self-driving only from my sons' perspectives.
NEW Google's Self Driving CAR! 
I guarantee you..the NFL will jump ALL OVER these self-driving cars. They already give drunk athletes $$ off Uber rides from the club
I hope I get to see truly self driving cars in my lifetime.
Self driving car vs humans at race track. 
self-driving cars are gonna transform LA like whoa
'Ethical subroutines may sound like science fiction, but once upon a time, so did self-driving cars.' 
maybe they have the iPhone 27. maybe it's the year 3006. maybe they have a time machine. a self driving car.
Google's robotic Toyota Priuses have driven more than 300,000 miles without a driver. Now self-driving cars is legal in California.
What is the most important factor before launching self driving vehicles? &gt;&gt; 1) Safety 2) Cost 3) Trust 
What is the most important factor before launching self-driving vehicles commercially?  1-Safety 2-Cost 3-Trust 
Close range sensor on self driving car: 1.4 million data points per second. 
Self-driving cars are probably going to suck a bit.
Saw google's self driving car in the wild today. 
Do self-driving cars take themselves for joy rides?
Love that Self-driving New Car Smell. 
New York would be so much nicer if all it had were pedestrians, bikes, trains, and Google self-driving 
Just drove past a fleet of Google Self-Driving Cars rolling through downtown Mountain View. Nerdy and awesome! 
Self driving cars will go mainstream by 2025 
Forget self-driving when will we get self-cleaning cars ?
This is the Predator-like view of Google's self-driving car. 
Why is google putting so much into self driving cats when we can take the bus
Blind cars/self driving cars: how the negatives can outweigh the positives 
Trust is key to the self driving car. This requires integrated and automated continuous integration  
Move fast break things! {Internet of Things enters stage right, followed by self-driving cars} OMG NEVERMIND SLOWER SLOWER DEAR LORD
Google to build self-driving cars 
Plane I flew today is my first with autopilot. So nice! Like a really fast and complicated self driving car a mile up in the air.
Okay, ready for self-driving cars now plz.
Cruise aims to make a self-driving car out of one you already own 
The Surprising Way Self-Driving Cars Could Save Lives  
So I suppose apple fans think it's possible to magically skip the entire real-world proving ground phase of self driving cars?
Black Mesa announces self-driving cars. 
We invented the car and now, we're on the verge of introducing the self-driving car. See our breakthroughs: 
We invented the car and now, we're on the verge of introducing the self-driving car. See our breakthroughs: 
We invented the car and now, we're on the verge of introducing the self-driving car. See our breakthroughs: 
We invented the car and now, we're on the verge of introducing the self-driving car. See our breakthroughs: 
forget self driving cars how about a robot that cleans the apt, loads dishwasher, start cooking idly gettichuttney when I start from work?
Just saw Google's self driving car! 
If Yellow Cab is pissed at Uber and Lyft, just wait til they find out car companies are less than 10 years from a self-driving car.
By all means, DO drive and text...or eat...or nap...or... 
Netherlands Might Beat U.S. On Self-Driving Cars, Trucks: AMSTERDAM (CBS SF/AP)  The Dutch government says it... 
OH Edtech not a great VC invest. since there are no exit oppor's other than defensive M&amp;A by publishers - same for self-driving cars, no?
Inside Google's self-driving car. Ah, Nap-n-Ride.  
So what kind of social legal barriers need to be overcome to make self-driving cars the norm instead of the outlier?
What Google's Self Driving Car Says About The Company 
It takes a LOT of money to reason with municipalities, fight anqituated unions, and buy self driving cars 
Engadget University of Michigan will open fake city to test self-driving cars this fall 
LOL just as self-driving cars are only now getting perfected 
Uber to use Google's self-driving cars in the far-future 
I wonder if the google self driving cars will have a drive like an asshole setting
When it comes to self-driving cars, dogs are the real winners  
We invented the car and now, we're on the verge of introducing the self-driving car. See our breakthroughs: 
We invented the car and now, we're on the verge of introducing the self-driving car. See our breakthroughs: 
We invented the car and now, we're on the verge of introducing the self-driving car. See our breakthroughs: 
We invented the car and now, we're on the verge of introducing the self-driving car. See our breakthroughs: 
We invented the car and now, we're on the verge of introducing the self-driving car. See our breakthroughs: 
We invented the car and now, we're on the verge of introducing the self-driving car. See our breakthroughs: 
We invented the car and now, we're on the verge of introducing the self-driving car. See our breakthroughs: 
We invented the car and now, we're on the verge of introducing the self-driving car. See our breakthroughs: 
We invented the car and now, we're on the verge of introducing the self-driving car. See our breakthroughs: 
I hope the self driving cars do better than Google search by image which thinks these two pics are similar. 
Why can they come up with a self-driving car but not an alternative to Tile Grout?
Here's why building bigger roads make traffic worse. 
where my self-driving car at already
Imagine self driving police cars racing at 150 miles an hour through freeways without collision.
Why the hell would anyone want a self-driving car...
If Google can make self-driving cars, they can also make cars that are aware a living being is left inside of them.
Is this a self-driving minivan? Guesses, anyone? 
Stuff to invest in: 3d printers, haptics, liquid batteries, self-driving cars, graphene, surgical nanorobots. In this order. You're welcome.
We invented the car and now, we're on the verge of introducing the self-driving car. See our breakthroughs: 
We invented the car and now, we're on the verge of introducing the self-driving car. See our breakthroughs: 
We invented the car and now, we're on the verge of introducing the self-driving car. See our breakthroughs: 
We invented the car and now, we're on the verge of introducing the self-driving car. See our breakthroughs: 
We invented the car and now, we're on the verge of introducing the self-driving car. See our breakthroughs: 
We invented the car and now, we're on the verge of introducing the self-driving car. See our breakthroughs: 
We invented the car and now, we're on the verge of introducing the self-driving car. See our breakthroughs: 
My friend says self driving cars are like self drinking beer
Where is it self-driving to? 
Self-Driving Cars Will Turn Surveillance Woes Into a Mainstream Worry | Opinion | WIRED 
Os it just me or does the car look scared! Google's self-driving car is real,  
Top Car Designers Critique Google's Self-Driving Car 
Top Car Designers Critique Google's Self-Driving Car 
Self-driving cars may hit roads in 2018: Renault-Nissan CEO - 
Forget self driving cars, I want floating cars.... 
City Built to Test Self-Driving Cars Will Open Up Its Streets This Fall 
Uber CEO discusses replacing drivers with self-driving cars. Taxis respond by replacing passengers with self-puking cars.
When our self-driving car overlords take over, do we still get to control the radio air conditioning?
Had my first journey in a self driving car today. An amazing experience. Can't wait for these to get to production. 
Self-Driving Cars on the Prairies? Hurry Up, Google: By Roger Currie Memo to the folks at Google, please hurry up... 
Google's new self-driving car looks like something out a Disney movie. It has no steering wheel or brakes. 
I hope google starts selling self driving-hybrids. Self driving in supported areas, but learning everywhere else. 
They should encourage the implementation of self-driving cars with a reserved lane on the highway where they drive 100 mph.
Waiting at the DMV office, pondering what other services / industries will self driving cars make obsolete
How much time will there be between self driving cars being available to compulsory?
Google[x] systems engineer Jaime Waydo worked on rovers for space, now self-driving cars... 
I threw a self-driving dart through a cloud that hit a cardboard nest sitting on a dock(er). 
Are Self-Driving Cars Safe?: The idea of trusting a car to drive itself can be eerie. Though most of us rely... 
Are Self-Driving Cars Safe?: The idea of trusting a car to drive itself can be eerie. Though most of us rely... 
self driving cars are all government spying 
Cruise aims to make a self-driving car out of one you already own 
An industry that's prime for disruption by self-driving vehicles is trucking. They could effectively put all truckers out of work.
University of Michigan will open fake city to test self-driving cars this fall  
Google's Self-Driving Car Is Real, And It Looks Like A Tiny Bubble-Car 
A Look At Volvo's Self Driving Cars 
Google's Self-Driving Car Has A Few Bugs 
Google could win over the hearts of SF if it open sourced its self driving cars tech to create self driving Muni.
Will Self-Driving Cars Reduce Accidents, Lead To Lower Insurance Rates?: SAN FRANCISCO (CBS SF)  Self-driving... 
Self-Driving Cars on the Prairies? Hurry Up, Google: By Roger Currie Memo to the folks at Google, please hurry up... 
If self driving cars were available today, I would happily swap my drivers license for an uber style app 
Dutch government encourages self-driving car tests: AMSTERDAM  The Dutch government says it wants to encourage... 
Wow, google created and released self-driving cars that are about to be allowed to use on public roads in CA
Google can make self driving cars Can I get a self driving mower for my lawn? :-/ 
Incredible technology from Google -- self driving cars. 
Can't wait for the day that self driving cars are the norm.
Self driving cars are cool but there are dangers to the technology as well. 
I want one of those google self driving cars. Life would be awesome.
if we don't have self driving cars by the year 3000 then IDEK  what to do with my life
Google's Self-Driving Cars  It now makes sense. For Google the ROI is mapping data not people movers. 
McDowell suggests CLT can lead in mobile:  banking, smart grids, digital education, healthcare and self driving. 
We invented the car and now, we're on the verge of introducing the self-driving car. See our breakthroughs: 
We invented the car and now, we're on the verge of introducing the self-driving car. See our breakthroughs: 
We invented the car and now, we're on the verge of introducing the self-driving car. See our breakthroughs: 
We invented the car and now, we're on the verge of introducing the self-driving car. See our breakthroughs: 
We invented the car and now, we're on the verge of introducing the self-driving car. See our breakthroughs: 
Google self driving cars all over mountain view.  Just passed this one....  Driver head down playing on phone :-) 
Self-driving cars will reduce our inventory of organ donations. 
One more reason for self-driving cars.
End of life for US drivers license. Year 20XX? All self driving cars. Death of 
What you need to know about self-driving cars  
Are Self-Driving Cars Legal?: The idea can be tempting: sit back, relax and let your car do the driving. The... 
Are Self-Driving Cars Safe?: The idea of trusting a car to drive itself can be eerie. Though most of us rely... 
Self-driving cars will work. 90% of car crashes today are caused by human error.
Twitch founders work on self-driving car: 
Cruise aims to make a self-driving car out of one you already own 
We have self driving cars, private space companies and Google Translate but Word can't auto save a draft properly.
I really wish I had a self driving car solely because then I could nap on the way to and back from work.
Bicycles self-driving cars? I'm in. 
Can't wait for self driving car to get here!!! 
What's Keeping Self-Driving Cars Off The Road?. 
Now confirmed, self-driving cars are substantially less accident-prone than humans. 
Study: Self-Driving Cars Would Eliminate Majority Of Traffic Deaths, Congestion: WASHINGTON (AP)  In some ways,... 
Study: Self-Driving Cars Would Eliminate Majority Of Traffic Deaths, Congestion: WASHINGTON (AP)  In some ways,... 
Study: Self-Driving Cars Would Eliminate Majority Of Traffic Deaths, Congestion: WASHINGTON (AP)  In some ways,... 
Self-driving cars inch closer to mainstream availability 
Automakers are hoping to sell self-driving cars by 2020, but who will be liable in an event of a crash? 
I'd like my self-driving car now, please.
They don't need a driver? Who would they sell them to?rt WSJ: Nissan could have a full line of self-driving vehicles by 2025.
* a formula 1 race with google self-driving cars *
Local drivers not impressed with new self-driving technology: Ford has unveiled a car that makes parking easier... 
The coolest thing about self-driving cars is that you could signal yours to pick you up from the airport or a concert
CEATEC 2013 wrap-up: self-driving cars, moon-walking simulators and DoCoMo's 'Intelligent Glass' 
Do self-driving cars get roads rage when another self-driving car cuts it off in traffic?
If we're on the verge of self-driving cars (and we are), then we should definitely have self-driving BART trains.
I need a self driving car made of pillows.
Self-driving cars running on google platform?! No more accidents or rubbernecks  
Study: Self-Driving Cars Would Eliminate Majority Of Traffic Deaths, Congestion: WASHINGTON (AP)  In some ways,... 
Anki's Self-Driving Race Car Toys Will Launch On Oct 23rd  We Go Hands On 
Amazon's warehouse is run by robots, and self driving cars are becoming a thing, self driving Bart trains can't be that far off.
Self driving car are coming sooner than we think. Bittersweet.
Will self-driving cars still honk at cyclists?
If you have an accident w/ a self-driving car, how to determine who is at fault? Will premiums go up if you don't have a self-driving car?
With that said, here's Google's self driving car. They're going to take over the world one day. 
My last few drivers make an excellent case for self-driving cabs. The voice recognition would be better and it's all done by GPS now anyway.
I can't wait for self-driving cars to become mainstream. the roads will be so much safer
Toyota planning self-driving vehicles in two years: In about two years, Toyota Motor Corp. says it plans to start... 
Passed two self-driving cars on my way into the office early this morning. I love living in the future.
I keep imagining what a self-driving car would have changed about that NYC motorcycle incident last week.
For self-driving cars, consumers favor Google over Detroit: Consumers trust Google to make their self-driving... 
Age of Context requires Age of Clarity: Clothing stores that know what you like. Self-driving cars that know... 
Self-driving cars projected to reduce injuries by 90%, save $450B annually - 
Fascinating history of the self-driving car by Chris Urmson 
Study: Self-Driving Cars Would Eliminate Majority Of Traffic Deaths, Congestion: WASHINGTON (AP)  In some ways,... 
Talk of self driving cars and programmable clothes are two things that make my heart sing. 
Luke takes the stage and shares his stuff about self driving cars! 
We drive the 2013 Audi S7, find out what happened to the hidden headlight, and list the5reasons for self-driving cars 
Self driving car doesn't move out of the way if its stopped and you backup into it 
Slamming on the brakes, self driving car responded fine. 
This is the Predator-like view of Google's self-driving car. 
I am so ready for the self driving car
Saw a self driving fiat 500 made by google in NYC traffic. Thing drove like a maniac!
If I had a self driving car it would be on autopilot to Taco Bell
Reading - Editorial: Self-driving cars FTW, but not for everybody (Brad Hill) 
Such impressive technology - What Google's self driving car sees, while gathering 1GB of data per second: 
Its interesting to think how we will handle self-driving cars. One fatal mistake by a robot will be worse than 1,000 by humans.
If you have a self driving car, and you're in it drunk. Would it still be a DUI?
At a graybeard conference. Learned about google self driving cars. Now learning about Vi Hart. 
I can't wait for these self driving cars.
Almost ran into a guy that should be the poster child for why we need self driving cars.
What's your opinion on self-driving vehicles? Weigh in now at our Quick Poll and see what others 
Whoa! This video takes you on a test drive of Google's self-driving car. 
From glass to self-driving cars and now, quantum computersGoogle is taking over the world and I'm totally okay with it.
98% of auto accidents are human error. Allowing humans to decide what is a self-driving car error is sabotage!  
NHTSA outlines policy on self-driving cars: Technology is available today but the safety agency wants more data... 
NHTSA recommends that states issue separate driver licenses, for those who wish to operate self-driving  vehicles. 
Can't wait till the google self driving cars come out within a couple years and solve the traffic provlem
I'd buy a self-driving Tesla-X today: 
I will glad when Self-Driving cars hit the 
Ionut Budisteanu, was awarded 1 place for using artificial intelligence to create a viable model for a low-cost, self-driving car
Sebastian Thrum, the iconic self-driving car designer, got inspiration from a best friend who died in a car accident. 
Take a spin in the self driving car. 
Does this mean self-driving cars are going to be delayed too? 
So Google definitely has a self driving KITT replica somewhere, right?
Google Self-Driving cars never made more sense to me than when I got in an Uber and the driver asked his Android phone how to get there.
Biggest barrier for self-driving cars might be love of driving: Automakers will be capable of producing cars that... 
This Is What Google's Self-Driving Car 'Sees' as It Makes a Turn 
Self-driving cars: Because AI means Micro- and macro-economically inefficient, wildly dangerous, lazy, polluting, transport device.
don't worry, self driving cars will fix all our transit problems. and more importantly, we can all be drunk on our way to/from work everyday
Silicon Valley: the place where self driving cars are being built but public transportation sucks.
From glass to self-driving cars and now quantum computers; Google is taking over the world and I'm totally okay with it.
U.S. safety regulators recommend licenses for self-driving cars: By REUTERS U.S. auto safety regulators outlined... 
Regulation for self-driving cars: what's the right balance? 
Self-Driving Cars for Testing Are Supported by U.S. 
Google declines to back NHTSA guidelines on self-driving cars: Search engine giant Google Inc. on Friday declined... 
Google fans lining up to tell me that self-driving cars gives Google license to launch a music service while lecturing about originality
When I retire, I want a self driving car goes under the speed limit in the passing lane with its left turn signal always on.
Finally made it home. Massachusetts SEEMS close. It is not. Not today, at least.   When can I buy a self-driving car?
Mercedes-Benz Unveils Self-Driving 'Future Truck' on Germany's Autobahn 
There is an actual fear in the medical community that self driving cars will be so safe that organs will be in short supply.
Self driving cars would be cool and all, but can we maybe try and tackle self-cleaning ones first. 
From wearables to self-driving cars security, great discussion at Future of 
A selection of car crashes in the Bay Area right now according to gmaps. Self driving cars can't come soon enough. 
Former Ford CEO Mulally joins Google's board. Maybe this will help bridge gap bw $GOOG Detroit on self-driving cars 
Self driving cars + Waze + Uber + Google Maps = wow
China's Baidu Is Working On A Self-Driving Car Concept That Sounds Less Terrifying Than Google's  
The most annoying thing about self-driving cars: they obey the speed limit
Finally bumped into one of the Google self driving cars today. Magnificent sight, dressed in a Toyota prius shell.
I'm ready for it Google Self-Driving Cars Should Become The Predominant Mode Of Transport In Our Lifetime 
When is Apple coming out with a self-driving Siri-car?
Driving home on Woodward during rush hour is all the business justification needed for networked self-driving cars.
It's 2012, why do we not have self-driving cars yet?!?
Who needs a self-driving car when you can drive a car yourself? 
I shudder to think what the nut jobs with megaphones can do once self-driving cars are commonplace.
How's it possible that we have self driving cars and nothing to efficiently get rid of 
This Ingenious Self-Driving Vehicle Saves Lives By Detecting Roadside Bombs  
Tech Trend: Mercedes-Benz Unveils Self-Driving 'Future Truck' on Germany's Autobahn. 
Soylent and self driving cars has me thinking about a satire fascism campaign video from Australia or NZ.
I JUST SEEN A POST ABOUT SELF DRIVING CARS OMG YES I NEED THAT
Coming 2 an airport near you? 
With self-driving cars, the gap between Silicon Valley and Detroit is vast: If and when Google Inc. decides to... 
Trucking industry looks ripe for automation via self-driving cargo. And this change is not involuntary: no one wants to drive
When self-driving cars are the norm, will we will cease to pay attention to or bother to remember how to get from one place to another?
The self-driving car has almost arrived 
Hell on wheels: Self-driving cars could be used for criminal mayhem (but also... 
Will self driving cars honk at other self driving cars?
Having limited success explaining Bitcoin, open-source software, and self-driving cars to my family. 
Really cool piece in the New Yorker on the utility self-driving cars! 
I don't think Google envisaged testing their self driving cars with cows, elephants, auto rickshaws on the road. Will never work in India :)
Self driving cars flying cars by 2015? It's about time. 
I can't wait to get one of those self-driving cars so my wife can argue with it.
Note to self...driving in snow is not fun, I don't like it 
'Imagine your self-driving car negotiating traffic, paying fractional bitcoin to neighboring cars in exchange for priority'
90% of drivers would consider self-driving cars to save on insurance, survey says: Andrew ThurlowAutomotive News... 
I wonder how auto insurance will be changed by self driving cars.
The Verge: Self-driving vehicles still a decade away, experts tell Congress. 
with self-driving cars, the infrastructure is still needed, and still entirely unsustainable until we find a completely alternate way
My followers probably know by now that I'm a huge advocate of self-driving cars, but this could be even better: 
Tech panel talk self-driving cars at LA Auto Show. Predict robot cars by 2025. 
Cool video of some new self driving features in cars you can buy today 
Tune in next week for Dan's review of Google's self-driving car based on a cab ride he took one time.
Self-driving semitruck coming to highways by 2025 
Just saw one of the Google's Self-Driving cars driving around in Owatonna so that's pretty neat. (Probably going to follow it around now).
Cant wrap my head around smart cars/self-driving cars. Which means they'll be as successful/widely used as cell phones + debit cards.
China's Baidu Is Developing A Self-Driving Car 
Just saw a Bing powered self driving car. I didn't know that was a thing.
People describe what self driving cars will do, I just say you described a proper train system, their faces on realization are priceless.
Self driving cars! We are living the future. 
I love the idea of self driving cars but it doesn't answer the transportation issues of my overpopulated city. Who's working on that?
investments in self driving cars; what's the new opportunity? Racetracks? Us car lovers don't want to be driven around 'by no computer'
Ubergizmo Self-Driving Cars To Be Allowed On UK's Public Roads In 2015 
Listening to dudes in the coffee shop talk about buying '55 Chevys for $50 while reading about self-driving cars. Weird future is here!
Saw a headline about Google's self-driving cars being compared to horses and automobiles of the 1900's and now I can't find it :(
Self-driving cars, health tech, immigration: Google drops $5M lobbying, tying all-time record: It was a busy... 
Jalopnik Why The FBI Fears Self-Driving Cars Could Be 'Lethal Weapons' 
I would *not* drive a self-driving car!
This is awesome - Hyundai Empty Car Convoy: (stunt drivers used to showcase self driving features) 
Mercedes-Benz debuts a self-driving car that uses wifi to communicate with other cars on road: 
Three (!!) cars drifted into my side of the road today, then swerved back, as driver looked up from their phone. Self-driving cars FTW!
Wheels up LAX!!! We all need self driving cars for this traffic..Uber is a great intermediate step. Saved my day.
. 
Self driving cars are so cool! Incredible to see and learn about the technology behind them! @ 
How self-driving cars might change Fairfield in future decades? 
What I thought was going to be a 2hr drive is going to be 3...they need to come out with self driving cars!
Toyota Joins Slew of Major Automakers Promising Self-Driving Technology This Decade 
Looking forward to self driving cars, so I can order a car2go to come to me. All electric fleet wouldn't be bad either.
They're releasing self driving cars in about 5 years, and now they're working on solving death. I'm impressed 
Livid right now because some dude from Stanford stole my self-driving car idea. BS. Four-year old Mike thought of that while eating a carrot
Pissed right now because some dude from Stanford stole my self-driving car idea. BS. I thought of that lying in bed at age four. 
Has the self-driving car at last arrived? 
I'm going to buy a self driving car just to watch my mom argue with it
Technology is not the limiting factor to have massive self-driving vehicles on the road: Maarten Sierhuis 
Man, dissing self-driving cars is like criticizing Facebook. Thank God I live in NM.
Forget self-driving cars. First we need cars that have a feature that disables texting while driving.
Self-driving flying cars by 2015? It's about time. We're off schedule. 
Watching all these truckers go by, I can't help but think of the day when self-driving cars will render their jobs obsolete.
Kiva Systems + Ultra standardization + Converged Infrastructure + Containers + Self Driving Vehicles = Big Changes  
Sitting in the car. My crazy self driving x3 for mum to get off work. I'm in a 
Google's Self-Driving Cars Hit 300000 Miles, I Saw the Ne.. 
Self driving car for the blind at this morning's 
Who needs a license? Self-driving cars coming our way via AutoNews  
Why don't we have self driving automobiles yet?
Just passed one of the Google self-driving cars. So cool.
I'm at Tired during drive. Activate self-driving car! (Santa Rosa, NM) 
Epic - Googlers to Begin Commuting in Self-Driving Cars 
Google's Self-Driving Car by Chris Urmson! 
The FUD against self driving cars already starts 
Stanford's self-driving car goes up to 120 mph, making me wonder about the impact of a blown tire. 
You can come up with faster, better, self-driving cars OR you can invent teleportation.
Nothing makes my morning commute like a self-driving car. 
Google self driving cars need to happen like now! Traffic jams will be a thing of the past in 20 years! 
Can't wait for Google's self driving cars
Pretty cool. Self driving audi track car. 
A Google self-driving Lexus SUV just drove by me on the 101.
Google's self-driving car deemed ready for commuting. 
The Futuristic World of Self Driving Cars 
Saw one of Google's self-driving cars today!
Hanging with a self driving car and its designer. Not our thing, but V2V comms are cool because then you can see around corners.
Legislature approves safety regulations for self-driving cars 
Self-Driving Cars Approved By California Legislature: 
Google self-driving cars face legal challenges: Google Inc.'s plans for self-driving cars are facing legal as well... 
Looks like by the time I get too old to drive I won't need to.  A Promising 
Saw a Google self-driving Lexus RX (or something similar) earlier in Sunnyvale. When did they start using different vehicles?
Future Headline: Man dies from heart attack after his self driving Tesla takes detour to recharging station before going to emergency.
What is this self-driving car doing outside of the O'Farrell theater? (with Megan at 851 O'farrell Street) [pic]  
Toady at 2pm, Christoph Stiller of KIT talk on Towards Swarms of Self-Driving Automobiles. Room 526. Join us! 
Google wants self-driving cars on the road in 3-5 years, but regulators are pumping the brakes 
I want my self-driving car. Now. 
Is Google's self-driving car legal in Texas?: State Rep. Pickett said lawmakers likely won't look into it until... 
Motorist is weak link in self-driving cars: David SedgwickCrain News Service - At least a half-dozen automakers are... 
perfect ex. of how new tech forces need for reinvention: Insurance regulators befuddled by Google self-driving cars 
Had this conversation with my friend working on googleX who already got to drive the self-driving car  
Google's self-driving car is the star at transportation forum: AUSTIN -- Some of the best transportation thinkers... 
Just saw one of Google's self driving cars being driven by a person... Pretty sure they're doing it wrong
Self-driving cars: will people miss the (largely false) sense of control of your own destiny that comes from speeding a little bit?
Self-driving cars will be a hit until the first family of four is hit by an algorithm, and there is no one to sue. Then they will be done.
The only reason I want a self driving car is so that I can continue reading on my way to work.
Another step forward for the self-driving car!  
Self driving cars are actually happening
Google's self driving cars are the coolest things ever! 
I WANT! I NEED! Google's self-driving cars are programmed to exceed speed limits by up to 10mph  
I really wish I had one of those self driving cars rn.
Gordon Crovitz: The Feds Stall Self-Driving Cars 
There's a self driving car now, if only it could drive my mother-in-law to Alaska, am I right?
I will never choose to ride in a self-driving car.
Google's self-driving car is programmed to speed, just like you 
Goggle Self-Driving Car and No Driver 
Self-driving cars are going to be great for young people. For the first time, they'll be able to drive themselves to school.
6 Simple Things Google's Self-Driving Car Still Can't Handle 
Self Driving Cars? Isn't that like buying a Nissan GTR? Notice Dodge isn't in that lineup. hssssss says the SRT Viper 
If ever there was an argument for self driving cars: I-70
Why are we going towards self driving vehicles. Don't most of us like to drive? It's traffic we hate. And insurance. And accidents. Parking!
The trolley problem highlights some of the ethical decisions we'll be facing when we have self-driving vehicles. 
Saw a self driving car today 
One of the Google self driving cars just passed us on the highway. And I thought those things were 
I just want to be able to call my self-driving car from my Android Wear watch. Big-O style. Is that too much to ask?
Amazon making self driving cars in 2017 to deliver packages? 
Give me a self driving car
What's next, self driving cars? Oh, wait... 
Computer eyeglasses, self-driving cars, drones... the future is coming, just about 20 years late. But looks like no jet packs for us :(
Volvo to test self-driving cars: Swedish-based Volvo Car Group has joined the race to develop self-driving cars,... 
While I'll admit, self driving cars might be cool, I'd be in the Will Smith school of thought where I don't trust robots THAT much...
Self driving cars can see 360 degrees, don't drink, get distracted, get road rage. Wait for them to push puny humans off the road :)
Just saw a self driving car pass by on the 13S highway outside of 
Google, Apple lining up automotive partners for dashboard operating systems 
A dropout mt Maps, self-driving cars, robots, billions of $$ - who is going to stop Google? 
When self-driving cars rule the road, will we be yelling at one another You drive like an algorithm!?
The long drive back to Boulder starts in a few mins. 12 hr drives make me wish for self-driving cars... 
But really, anyone who thinks self driving cars are a bad idea must be confused. These humans being allowed to drive are the bad ideas.
Self driving taxis would be awesome until the robot uprising when they drive you to a forest then kill you, ultra-efficiently.
OK, 1Password decided to work after a restart of my MacBook Air. Whatcha gonna do when your self-driving car goes in circles?
I want one of those self-driving cars so I can sleep on my way to class in the mornings. Like can we have that now, we have the technology.
Survey: Split views about impact of artificial intelligence on jobs: Washington  In 2025, self-driving cars... 
Pew: Split views on robots' employment benefits: Washington  In 2025, self-driving cars could be the norm,... 
I just waved thank you to this lady that let me merge on the highway and she gave me the finger. Need my self driving car.
Amazing that self-driving cars (which are very safe) are easier to create than an effective push alerts algorithm. 
If a Self-Driving Car Gets in an Accident, Who Is Liable? 
Hey kids quick! Go to the front door!  There's a prototype self-driving car doing a 3-point turn in front of our house! -Only In Mtn View
Another advantage of self-driving cars will be the ability to drive through the night while sleeping.
I hate to tell you, but humanoid robot dog-walkers will arrive shortly after Google's self-driving car
It makes sense for Taxi fleets to eventually be full of self-driving cars as a lower tier, lower-priced alternative. 
God I wish self-driving cars were a not feared thing already.
How important are humans to self-driving cars? California regulators will decide: As Google prepares to test its... 
Google just acknowledged my maps correction. I'm updating my resume: improved reliability of self-driving cars. 
In Mountain View 30 seconds and already spotted a self-driving car 
There's Still One Major Problem With Google's Self-Driving Cars (GOOG) - SFGate 
Could use a self driving car right about now!
Seeing increasingly more practical robots: self driving trucks, hotel robots, etc. Going to only get faster. Brace yourselves. 
You know what will help America's truck driver shortage? (
Dickmanns, 1994: pioneer of self-driving cars, highway around Paris!  Munich to Denmark and back in 1995.  No GPS!
Self-driving cars would be nice on long trips on the expressway, and in the city, but I'd sure want to still be a... 
For self-driving cars to deal safely w non-assertive pedestrians cyclists, Robotic full body gesture/language reading will be required
California taps the brakes on Google's self-driving car's lack of steering wheel and brake pedal: As Google Inc.... 
Self-driving cars can't yet tell a rock in the road from a crumpled piece of paper, nor detect potholes 
I observe many irrational arguments against self-driving vehicles, and very few rational, logical ones.. 
Self driving cars and drone highways. The future is now, and it's awesome
There's Still One Major Problem With Google's Self-Driving Cars - Businessinsider India 
Am I the only one who sees Trolley on Daniel Tiger and thinks self driving car?
Self-driving road vehicle delivery will happen before drone delivery.
Ok...where are the self driving cars we were promised? These people just can't drive, let the robots take over for Petes sake.
DMV proposes regulations to test self-driving cars 
Burkhard Bilger: Inside Google's self-driving car 
3D printed Kidney, self driving cars..... Next tech revolutions  
Self driving card sound terrifying, but it would change lives for blind people if they mastered them. 
Did you know self-driving cars might be in the near future? Get the scoop! 
Also this traffic has made it abundantly clear self-driving cars can't come soon enough. Humans are inefficient and dangerous when driving.
Brad Templeton on worries over self-driving cars: We don't want to be killed by robots; we'd rather be killed by drunks.
Ford's self-driving car unveils itself 
The heck with self-driving cars, Michigan needs self-driving snow blowers
CNET Ford's self-driving car unveils itself 
Self-driving cars are creeping up on us: 
Ugh i dont feel like driving , i need to get me a self driving car.
Isn't a self driving car a robot?
self-driving cars futuristic developments are cool and creepy ==&gt; 
Take that, Google: Oxford University sees self-driving as a $150 option in future cars - 
Federal regulators' plan to encourage wireless communications among cars -- a possible lead-up to self-driving vehicles.
Google sees self-driving cars in 3-5 years. But the feds may be on a slower approval track.  
Just saw one of google's self-driving cars. Awesome
big question remains whether next will be a) EV, b) PHEV or c) self-driving car share (PH)EV. 2/2
I'm enormously bullish on Google Glass, self driving cars and the iWatch. Lets get our future on...
Self driving cars Google Glass Android YouTube Largest search engine in the world 
Just saw google's self driving car!
Self driving cars by 2040! What y'all think ??
Self-driving cars now legal in California. What about bugs/exploits, isn't that -really- scary? And who is liable in case of an accident?
Cali approves Google's self driving. Now all those taxi drivers that are gonna be out of a job can be added to the unemployment % 
Self driving cars... Watch how many political/social figures start dying in car crashes if we start using those 
Self-Driving cars were just declared legal in the state of California. These are the type of things that excite me.
Google CEO self driving cars within 5 years. Wish we had that 5 years ago so it could drive me home, it will revolutionize going out 2 bars
Self-driving cars now legal in California - 
A self-driving car?!?  Well it'll def make getting home after shows much easier!   
Self driving taxis. Within 5 years. The perfect ride share. Possibly by Google itself.
California joins Nevada in legalizing Google's self-driving cars.  
Hypertubes and solar-charged self-driving electric cars. This is transit of 2040: 
Google's self-driving car on 880. Passing the now defunct Solyndra. 
General Motors should create a joint venture with Google. Self driving cars will bring GM back to its dominance
Can someone get me a self-driving car? Thanks 
We were promised flying cars by Y2K... Now we're told self-driving cars are almost a reality. I don't think so.. 
California apparently passed a bunch of self-driving car laws. First law, kill all humans.
California apparently passed a bunch of self-driving car laws. First law; kill all humans.
Self-driving cars can't come soon enough.
Self driving cars in Cali... Can you get a DUI? 
This is a video of Google's self driving car.Theres a law being passed today in California that allows these on streets 
Self driving cars now legal on California - 
Self-Driving Cars? That's that ish I DO like
Attending a talk on self-driving cars. It is packed! (with Arthur at Langtonhaus) [pic]  
So yesterday Governor Brown made self driving cars legal in California. 
California Governor Signs Self-Driving Car Bill Into Law 
I want a self driving car, so I can program it to randomly go places without me, freak people out.
Massachusetts should get in on this legislation! ;D Self-driving cars now legal in California 
Are Self-Driving Cars The Apocalypse -- ROAD TESTAMENT 
As much as i love Apple, Google has incredible innovation being introduced. I mean, self driving cars, and Project Glass are insane.
My other car's self-driving. 
Commentary on self-driving car bill in CA. Just way too much. 
10,000 people a year still die on U.S. highways in frontal crashes. 
Holy Crap, Self-Driving Cars Are Now Legal in California 
19th century rails take you where the railroad wants you to go. Self-driving cars will take you where YOU want to go.
Automakers On The Road To Self-Driving Cars. 
Google's Self-Driving Car Test: Steve Mahan - YouTube 
If a self driving car gets pulled over for speeding, who pays the ticket? Does it know to pull over? What if it hits a pedestrian?
Self driving cars legal in California but marijuana isn't 
Self-driving cars now legal in California-CNN 
Self driving cars already in cali.. I need one of those 
Between smart phones and self driving cars... Technology is nuts
This guy is saying Google is the anti Christ. They are building skynet. They are building self driving cars. Haha 
Self-driving cars now legal in California, so get your lawyers ready!  
I love that Google dreams big then delivers! Much respect, it also helps I'm a kc native and also love the idea of self driving cars in DC.
Yesterday it was self-driving cars, today I see 
We meet again self driving google-mobile... 
The Lit Motors C-1 vehicle automatically stays upright, even in a collision. Can Google make a self-driving one? 
how long until self-driving ubers?
Self driving cars are legal in California. I wonder how insurance claims will work when the car goes alone to park itself and gets rearended
So in Cali you can have a self driving car 
Self-driving cars in my lifetime, I am so happy about this!!!!! 
Self-driving cars r coming 2 a highway near u. This article has interesting insights on how they will affect our lives. 
Self-driving cars a reality for 'ordinary people' within 5 years, says Google's Sergey Brin   
Did CA really legalize self-driving cars?
Boeing should be anticipating when a pilot lands at the wrong runway after the public is accustomed to amazon drones and self driving cars.
If I owned a self driving car, I would do nothing but bar hops in it.
Autonomous cars hot topic at Detroit auto show: State, U of M partner to study self-driving vehicles: The topic... 
Tesla has a new state of the art plant in Silicone Valley. High tech manufacturing robots. Self driving carts. High tech computers.
There's a self driving car now ??? Where can I sign up
In the next 20 years, 10% of cars sold will be self-driving!
I'm at Self-driving Cars CheckInCES (Las Vegas, NV) 
Intelligent Drive series by Mercedes Benz 
Maybe self driving cars can be fun!  
How Velodyne's Self-Driving Car System Sees the World - GeekBeatTV: 
They invented a self driving car, its making a debut in california right now. I've been waiting for this!!!!
Self-Driving Car Tech Could Help Make Solar Powered EVs Practical: 
Someday I will be able to buy a newfangled self-driving car online and have it deliver itself to me.
World's First Commercially Available Self-Driving Car Launches 
Self-Driving Cars: Inside The Road Revolution 
Never thought about auto insurers with regards to self driving cars. Lame and prob ineffective scare tactics-Farmers Insurance. Good job...
Lots of self-driving cars out today. 
Will Self-Driving Cars Hurt Music? 
I'd trade a self driving car for no cords in my house. 
That time my reply got retweeted because I mentioned self-driving cars.
Google to offer free rides in self-driving cars for shoppers 
Ford Teams With MIT and Stanford on Self-Driving Car Research 
Self driving cars need to be rolled out sooner.
Google is brilliant. They are using fear of driver distraction from Google Glass to stoke support for self-driving cars.
a friendly reminder that feel-good tech like self-driving cars is being developed for the military to kill people 
They say by 2040 there won't be anymore car accidents/deaths... Cuz u won't b driving; 
Self-Driving Cars Get Smaller Brains 
Self driving cars in five years. YESSSS!!!
Expectations are the first self driving cars will be on the market by 2015 
I'd love to work on the AI for self driving cars...
Will Self-Driving Cars Rule Our Roadways? 
Paranoid? Remember the self-driving cars and Robots. Who (how) will you call for help?  
Autonomous cars hot topic at Detroit auto show: State, U of M partner to study self-driving vehicles: The topic... 
Self-driving cars, google glass, smart watches smart beds; But still no 
Self driving cars, that's what we want! :)
I feel like self driving cars can be dangerous in multiple ways and would cause multiple problems.. 
Four places I would put my money if I could:  3D printing Self driving cars Uber Square
Dey tuk r jobs.. Free Google self driving ad sponsored cab to stores.  
It's the worst temptation in the world to try to fake-out a self-driving car when one is behind you. New insurance scam!
YOUR MOM is a self-driving car
Problems With Google's Self-Driving Car: A report says that Google's self-driving cars come with a few challenges... 
Problems With Google's Self-Driving Car: A report says that Google's self-driving cars come with a few challenges... 
Texas Lawmaker Files Bill to Regulate Self-Driving Cars (think Google) -  
You are still pissed Google wants some of the smartest people in the world building self-driving cars instead of RSS? Wtf.
If you have an opportunity to spend resources on iterating on a phone OS or maps, OR create a self-driving car, what do you pick?
Self Driving Cars? Really How Lazy Can You Muthafukers Get That You Cant Even Drive Your Car ,
Here Are Some Of The Problems Google Is Having With Its Self-Driving Cars 
Google has gone from a simple HTML based search engine to making self driving cars.
You know you are in Silicon Valley when... you see google's self driving car going for a self drive @ 
Can LEDs speed the future of self-driving cars? 
Self driving car! I have been waiting a long time for this. 
this self driving audi,  better give me a iPhone 6 plus make me a milkshake
There's going to be self driving cars now?!
Self-driving cars now need a permit in California: Computer-driven cars have been testing their skills on... 
Seriously, love LA but not the traffic, there's nothing to love about it. This is the city for self driving cars.
Cannot wait until we get self driving cars and reclaim all the wasted space from parked cars and wasted resources from car ownership.
At the google store for self driving vehicles a line of terrorists forms, camping out...hoping to get the first releases
Self driving cars are not for me. Just went three days without driving and was so happy to be back behind the wheel tonight.
6 Clues That Google Is Going to Turn Uber Into a Self-Driving Home Delivery Service | Adweek 
Live simulation from the self driving car exhibited at the Cal Academy Nightlife event. I am in the orange zone. 
just creeping up on this self-driving 
At the Google X project .... Real cool stuff (Glasses. Self Driving, etc...) one of the coolest sxsw event ! 
This is petty interesting. Self driving cars would be something else. Who knows maybe we will see it soon.  
Now we're talking! Top 5 reasons for Self-Driving Cars -Lets dedicate gas taxes to make this happen soon 
We are only making suburban sprawl cheaper with self driving cars.  
driving next to a self-driving car. so hard to resist the temptation to f**k with it! 
Gotta admit: I'm more excited about how the world will change from Glass/self driving cars than smart watches/TV's.
The science of building killer robots is not so easily separated from the science of making self-driving cars ... 
few weeks of driving on HW 17 and already falling asleep on the road like a newborn. Self-driving car is definitely for me. F%$
Self driving cars could lead to more shopping innovation. Yes, please. 
Ford says the idea of self-driving cars freaks some people out.  We have to do this carefully.
You trust GM to make a self driving car? 
There's Still One Major Problem With Google's Self-Driving Cars - Business insider 
I wish I had a self driving car right now 
I firmly believe that this push for self-driving cars is directly linked to my inability to stop texting while driving.
Calif. Issues First Permits For Self-Driving Cars: LOS ANGELES (AP)  Computer-driven cars have been testing... 
California is issuing permits for self-driving cars
Self-driving cars now need a permit from DMV: government rules are catching up.-- Test drivers must have a... 
... And traffic is at a standstill this morning. A self driving car would be awesome right now; I could catch up on some reading.
Self driving cars can't come soon enough. I'm also willing to beta test one. 
GM Announces it will put limited self driving system on 17 Cadillac.  It will allow hands free driving.  But driver must stay engaged.
Engadget Google's fix to test self-driving cars: temporary steering wheels 
Watch out, California's self-driving car permits take effect today - Ars Technica 
California Begins Issuing Permits for Testing of Self-Driving Cars - NBC News 
Being visually impaired I will never trust the self driving cars coming out. METRO that's great news for you!! 
This, except usable public transit systems instead of self-driving cars. 
Google's self-driving cars are now allowed on all roads in California 
California issues permits for self-driving car trials on public roads 
Self-driving cars now need a permit in California: LOS ANGELES  For the first time, California's Department of... 
Fayette County commission approves testing of autonomous cars on local roads. Does that mean GA will have the first self-driving golf carts?
Demolition Man movie predicted iPads, Skype, google self driving cars in 1993. Hope the 3 shells don't come true. 
Not a fan of all of this electronic steering, no gear shift, self driving vehicles.
Frequently see self driving cars on the road now, though always with a human ready to take over if necessary.
I can't wait until we all have self-driving cars.
Google's self-driving car still has many flaws: We've seen each version of Google's self-driving car. (Video via... 
Google's self-driving car still has many flaws: We've seen each version of Google's self-driving car. (Video via... 
Google's Self-Driving Car Can't Navigate Heavy Rain Or 99% of Roads 
Yay road safety! Self-driving cars get 29 permits in California. So want this to be a reality. 
Self-driving cars now need a permit in California: For the first time, California's Department of Motor Vehicles... 
If self-driving cars really come to be....then car interiors will be totally redesigned for comfort and function....watch TV or make lunch l
Self-driving cars now need a permit in California: Computer-driven cars have been testing their skills on... 
Self-driving cars now need a permit in California: Google, Mercedes and Volkswagen issued 29 permits 
What happens when self driving cars lock you in and drive you to the police station for unpaid parking tickets? 
This entire video is worth a watch, but I jumped ahead to some interesting visualizations. Google's Self Driving Cars 
The M6 motorway carries 140k cars per day, more than 2x what it was designed for. The only way we solve this is with self driving cars.
Being in a self driving car isn't going to matey when it takes an hour to get anywhere.
Just Press Go: designing self driving cars 
Google's new self-driving car is pretty cute, tbh 
The new self driving cars are very cute, but I also wish we were investing the same amount in public transit.
the new self driving car doesn't drive fast enough 
to the dreamers In Case You Missed It: Google's Self-Driving Car Prototype Is Here! 
Google self driving cars should be a low cost way to send out government death machines.
Giants game with the self driving car team 
Keep your self-driving cars. Give me a dog-driving car any day of the week. 
Silicon Valley has just taught me to never trust a self-driving car.
Intro of self-driving cars will be difficult; artificial intelligence can't figure out human driver behavior. Share road or not? 
Self-driving cars will be great. In the meantime, someone should invent self-texting phones so idiots can focus on driving.
Google in talks with automakers on self-driving cars: Google Inc. is talking with automakers as it tries to steer... 
I very much look forward to self-driving cars.  
When accidents are unavoidable, self-driving / autonomous cars may be programmed to hit-you 
I think it's because self driving cars are the natural result of 60 years of independently useful evolutionary steps.
How could a self driving car make your life easier?   
Self-driving cars need to be a thing, like now.
where are the self driving cars I need one of the self driving cars
All the major car companies have self-driving cars, they're only waiting for the market to be receptive. 
SpaceX announces manned space capsule.  Google announces self-driving cars.  Apple might announce a watch.
to the dreamers In Case You Missed It: Google's Self-Driving Car Prototype Is Here! 
Intel Wants In on Self-Driving Cars, Too 
Imagine what people will do when the 
Google's Self-Driving Car Is Real, And It Looks Like A Tiny Bubble-Car  
Timely with all the talk of self-driving cars, new FHA data driving trends continuing to drop. 
Google's next round of self driving cars: no breaks or steering wheel. Whoa. 
Another important step forward in self-driving cars -&gt; google is designing one from scratch  
Who gets the ticket in a self-driving car?
Wait, people are now pissed at Uber because they mentioned self driving cars and that destroys jobs?
Driving with the people who only commute to/from work makes me think self-driving cars are for the best, since genocide isn't an option...
Self-driving car design is a clue abt all human-robot interaction. Balance autonomy and control; friendly and cool. 
In this pic of Google's self-driving car, driver could not see photographer. So in robot car, roll safety &gt; vision? 
Google's prototype self-driving cars to be built in metro Detroit: Google is betting that self-driving cars... 
Self driving cars are real af wowzers
The single biggest threat to Google's self-driving cars is not driving enough traffic to G+
I just saw a self-driving car what
We have self-driving cars, 3d printing of DNA, farmed organs from stem cells, and zero emmision communities! 
Read about Google's self driving car in the World Herald today. Money section, pg 3. Still work to do before I'll buy one.
I'm all for self driving cars, but I still think there is a real need for manual control (e.g a steering wheel). 
The major design flaws with Google's new self-driving-car 
Just crossed the hour mark on the commute. With no traffic, it's a 7 minute drive. Awesome. Where don't get one of those self driving cars?
I'm uncomfortable with the almost simultaneous news that Google is making self driving cars while getting more evil.
Great writeup on Google's self driving car: 
Uber CEO's bold vision. Fleets of self-driving cars are inevitable and cheaper than car ownership. 
I fear we're all going to riding in all-electric self-driving cars and Car Talk will still be on NPR discussing late 90s Honda Civics.
Let's 3D print some self-driving EV's in LA! 
Google self driving cars look like those animated cars in chevron techron ads
Self-driving cars means that there won't be a need for truckers or taxi drivers. That'll cause some pretty bad unemployment numbers.
Self driving car??? Run by technology! What could possibly go wrong!! 
Google's self-driving car looks awfully familiar... 
Daring Fireball: Google Unveils Self-Driving Vehicles 
Will someone please make a version of the self-driving google vehicle with Born to be Wild as background music.
Drastically. And all these self driving cars and self flying delivery planes will be operated from your phone or watch.
Look Ma! No Hands! Or Feet! With my eyes closed! Google's new self driving car prototype.  
Things the self driving car will change: - human life expectancy - insurance industry - auto industry - stress industry
If Google is creating a self-driving taxi service, they could have an AI that makes inane conversation, and then data mines your responses.
Intel's working on a system to secure self-driving cars   
I could really use a self-driving car right now
Are you allowed to drink in a self driving car?
Elrich brings up social justice side of self driving cars - who will be able to afford them? Many can't afford cars now. 
Before we get self driving cars, we need self walking people. Get off your phone, and no, google glass ain't the hands free alternative.
Prolly will not leave NY until Minority Report's self driving cars are a real thing
RT: kenli729: Google's new self-driving car ditches the steering wheel 
This is Google's own self-driving car aka the dorkmobile 
Self-driving cars promise to save lives, end traffic jams, and make us all happier  
Uber CEO Would Replace Drivers With Self-Driving Cars 
Self-Driving Cars Are Still CarsWhich Means They Won't Improve Your Commute. 
Google's Self-Driving Car Takes The Next Step Forward - Where Did The Steering Wheel Go?  
Oh the things I could accomplish in life if I had a self-driving car...
More exciting than Uber + self-driving cars is FedEx + self-driving truck + drones. Drones deploy from moving truck to deliver packages.
Google to launch fleet of two-seater self-driving cars 
Self driving vehicles going on the road this summer? 
It's about damn time we got self driving cars!
The trick that makes Google's self-driving car work.  
Can we get a self-driving Tesla, please?
I just saw a self driving car pull up next to another self driving car at a stop light. I bet they're going to self drag race. 
From the perspective of 1950, it's quite remarkable that self driving cars will almost certainly beat flying cars to market.
Self-driving cars would result in no traffic jams and reduce vehicular related deaths by tenfold
California's new self-driving car regulations prohibit falling asleep at the wheel 
I wish my bed were a self-driving car --Kara Schoenemann 
Car-as-a-service (Lyft/Uber) self-driving cars will have as large an impact on deaths as centralization of agriculture. Modern combines.
Google Tested The Safety Of Its Self-Driving Cars By Swarming Them With Bikes 
Google in talks with automakers on self-driving cars: Google Inc. is reportedly talking with automakers as it... 
Zach Woods trapped in a rogue self-driving car is the funniest thing that has happened on Silicon Valley so far.
This self-driving car just drove me around Mountain View and I lived to tell the tale... 
Velodyne Lidar. Self driving car. 64 lasers sweeping every 1/10 second 
Self-driving cars are going to turn your surveillance woes into a mainstream issue 
Self-driving cars cannot get here fast enough 
Is rather take a train or self driving car which takes 2x to 2.5x the time than travel by air.
Google self-driving cars about as commonplace as Teslas now in Mountain View/Bay Area 
Cant wait for self driving cars to experiment on our emotions.
Autonomous or semi-autonomous cars could save 30,000-150,000 lives by eliminating potentially fatal accidents. 
Mercedes' semi-autonomous truck lets its driver relax on the highway 
Volvo's new SUV will be super-safe because it's semi-autonomous 
Autoblog Cadillac to launch Super Cruise semi-autonomous technology in two years [w/video] 
The future is...two model years away: 
Watch a self-driving Audi become 'the fastest autonomous car on the planet' 
The (automated vehicle) technology will happen and the law will have to catch up. David Levinson 
Gartner: By 2020 a Quarter Billion Connected Vehicles Will Enable New In-Vehicle Services and Automated.... 
Lee Gomes writes on autonomous cars. This assumes driving goes unchanged. Definition of driving up for grabs too! 
Technological changes need to be incorporated into any future planning (i.e. autonomous vehicles smart traffic grids etc.). 
Autonomous Vehicles: The Legal and Policy Road Ahead Humphrey School University of Minnesota October 31 2014 
Patchwork of state regulations could present problems for automakers in introducing autonomous vehicles-Karlyn Stanley 
RAND report on Autonomous Vehicle Technology: A Guide for Policymakers 
Autonomous vehicles being designed so driver will take control in snow or bad weather 
What counts in the legal realm as an autonomous vehicle? Dorothy Glancy Professor of Law Santa Clara Univ 
Separate autonomous vehicle lanes are likely by the time AVs are widely available-Dorothy Glancy 
Sen Scott Dibble: Pretty high bar to convince legislators autonomous vehicles a safe technology 
Legal ethical and policy dimensions of autonomous vehicles. Bryant Walker Smith Univ of South Carolina 
bodyshops will be put out of business theoretically if we do this thing right. - Verizon's Leddy on autonomous driving vehicle
We are at the dawn of autonomous 
autonomous driving vehicles will create greatest value to the elderly. - GM's Nick Bell. 
Ford engineer Jim McBride talks about the Fusion Hybrid autonomous driving test car that Ford has given to Stanford. 
Ford engineer Jonathan Mullen demonstrates an autonomous parallel parking 2015 Ford Edge at new Palo Alto center. 
Dutch approve large-scale public testing of 
How Uber's Autonomous Cars Will Destroy 10 Million Jobs and Reshape the Economy by 2025 
I am not a fan of mowing the lawn. Or at least remembering. Why not make an autonomous one? 
So basically two tech companies are going to war over autonomous cars. The future is going to be so cool
Bitcoin is internet size. Autonomous cars is Google size. So I guess the fight is fair.
Stratasys and Mobileye huge losers for the year so far... Because clearly autonomous tech and 3D printers are just fads. Time to buy more.
RT: Ford Announces New European Research Collaborations for 
Autonomous taxi competes with crowd sourced taxi gets better name. 
Autonomous cars Algorithmic writing Watson (Jeopardy's computer) pathology diagnosis virtual therapists can all be better than people.
Radical Mobility Collaborative Consumption & Autonomous Vehicles may converge to disrupt 
The future of cars or Daleks? The UK has begun testing autonomous cars on public roads 
Looking forward to some great conversations on autonomous driving! 
Apple is interested in all the potential ways you can evolve the car; including autonomous driving. 
Deep learning networks augments ADAS for autonomous driving. 
Lasers cameras radar & differential GPS will be in autonomous cars!Hi tech cruising! 
Call me George Jetson: "near-future of mobility starts with driverless cars...goes much farther" 
Meet Mercedes's self driving car of the future 
Self driving cars are so much part of the future they already have a museum exhibit. 
Why it makes perfect sense for Apple to invest in the future of the car - 
Next step for the future: self driving cars for healthcare services! 
At NVIDIA's GPU conference Elon Musk will be speaking soon on the future of self-driving cars stay tuned 
Looking forward to seeing what comes out of Toyota's connected car hackathon 
Nice to see that all are welcome at Toyota's Connected Car hackathon. 
Failure on a connected car means you might not see your loved ones again... 
Who needs connected vehicles 2B able 2 work in ur car? Full stop on the 710 this AM means everyone is on their phones 
As car get smarter & more connected screaming from privacy advocates get louder. If you have electricity you have no privacy. 
The 'Connected Car' will create massive opportunities for Tech and Telecom Companies 
The 'connected car' is creating a massive new business opportunity for tech companies 
and invest $ embrace change. Fewer (driverless) cars but used 95 instead of 5% of the time 
What are we going to do with all of these parking lots once driverless cars become a thing? 
I seriously thought I just saw a driverless car near SFO. But low and behold it was just a driver with his seat incredibly far back...
Driver-less cars can't come quick enough! 
If driverless vehicles reduced need for downtown parking that would be a good thing
My life feels like its not mine like I'm a passenger in a driverless car.
Millions of people with disabilities will be mobile again with driverless cars 
According to Dennis Bone driverless cars are coming. 
I want a driverless car. It would make commute fun.
If uber has to employ workers driverless cars just got fast tracked 10 yrs
Driverless cars will mean the end of mass car ownership 
Most of the attention is on gas vs electric. But I personally think they're going to be hit harder and faster by driver vs driverless cars.
Uber Reportedly Hiring Robotics Team To Develop Driverless Cars 
Google Uber ready to battle over on-demand rides driverless cars 
When will driverless cars actually come out?
Google is about to go to war with uber... Using driverless taxis. 
Uber and CMU collaborate on a driverless car. Great for 
The Battle Looms--Uber Developing Driverless Cars Google Looking At Ridesharing 
Uber is opening a center to research driver-less cars in Pittsburgh 
Car dealerships won't even let Tesla sell direct does anyone really think they'll let driverless cars happen?
Uber funding research of driverless cars mapping and safety 
If I hear one more word about driverless cars... one word Segway...
How driverless cars will sneak up on us all 
Are Google Uber set to compete for on-demand rides driverless cars? 
Google Uber ready to battle over on-demand rides driverless cars 
2/ Plastic cards are more resilient than phones. I guess we just hope for the imminent arrival of driverless cars :)
When you step into a driver less car for the first time: Car where's my dude?
Oh well no driverless cars in La anytime soon. :( 
So many questions and few answers around the emergence of driverless cars. 
Driverless car review launched by UK government - BBC News 
Driverless car review launched by UK government - BBC News 
I wouldn't mind this actually. Has to be better than American drivers... UK kickstarts driverless car changes 
There will be driverless cars on British roads by summer 
The Meridian Shuttle is an actual driverless car looking like a golf cart with a maximum 28 mph. Have to try it in London though.
Agonizing and deflating. It seems Google has been lying to us about their self-driving car. 
Sanity finally The awkward secret behind Google's self-driving cars.... 
Just saw a Google self driving car :D
Google's self-driving car ditches steering wheel 
Are google's new self driving cars autoautomobiles?
Google Self-Driving Car on City Streets: 
Elevator pitch to Google: a self driving car bomb.
I'm looking forward to when I can look back and say when I first started working at Google self driving cars still needs a person in them
The dude driving the car is expensive - Google Is Developing Its Own Uber Competitor 
Uber just announced its own self-driving car project 
Uber Chases Google in Self-Driving Cars With Carnegie Mellon Deal 
Here comes google's self driving car uber take down 
I think I am going crazy I think Google self driving car every time I see a Lexus rx400!
I'm super tempted to run across the road when I see a google self driving car
If Apple maps proved one thing we don't want a self driving car from Apple. Go tesla. Go Google. 
I can't wait till we get self driving cars 
They need to hurry up on this process to make self-driving cars so I can sleep on this commute 
As a traveling salesperson I'm driving 7 hours a day. Let me be the first to welcome our self-driving car overlords.
Mark Ritchie-Self-driving vehicle tech could have prevented death of his 21-yr-old daughter by drunk driver 
DRONES +SELF DRIVING CARS = FLYING CARS!!!!!!!!!! we are sooo close!!!!!!!
Google buys Uber Google maps now offers self driving vehicles. 
This claims to be about self-driving cars but is actually an argument for lower speed limits 
Self driving cars & oculus rift are good but watching NFL Sunday Ticket on phone at kids' Sophia I birthday party tells me future = awesome
If it's all going to be self driving cars then we should start requiring new retail and hotels to be built with zero parking
If an automobile means self moving then won't the first self driving car be the only true automobile since it won't need a driver?
The self-driving car makes so much more sense after your trainer decides to obliterate your arms. 
OH: if Uber switches to self driving cars who's going to hammer the passengers?
No cab driver from any NY airport knows where they or you are going. C'mon where's the self driving cars already?
Black Dodge Caravan outfitted with a self-driving type apparatus in town. No visible logos. Interesting. 
Re: self-driving cars I think of Jurassic Park: so preoccupied with whether or not they could they didn't stop to think if they should.
Washington Auto Show roars to life with spotlight on hydrogen self-driving cars 
I know that self driving cars are cool and all that. But for my a car that go and finds it self a parking space at the mall is enough
Dutch approve large-scale testing of self-driving cars 
Germany Set to Open Up Autobahn to Self-Driving Vehicles 
The latest self driving car spotted on my way to dinner. 
This Chart Shows That GM Is Making A Huge Bet On Self-Driving Cars 
Coming soon: A self-driving uber at your door in 36 seconds 
In 15 years most of us could be essentially carless relying on Uber + self-driving for most of our transportation needs.
Mercedes F 015 Self Driving Car Amazing First Commercial CES Mercedes S ...: 
Things I could use on this post-Super Bowl drive home: 1) A self-driving car 2) A gallon of water 3) WHY IS THE SUN SO BRIGHT TODAY?
Self-driving cars??? No thanks! Not interested. I'll do my own driving.... I'd even prefer my wife's driving first! ?? 
Uber just announced its own self-driving car project
Uber to build self-driving cars. Who needs those pesky drivers anyway? 
People are ready for self-driving cars studies say 
Uber Opening Robotics Research Facility In Pittsburgh To Build Self-Driving Cars 
Uber just announced its own self-driving car project... ? 
Google Uber going to war over self-driving taxis 
First of all there is no evidence that either Google or Uber are going to have self-driving taxis any time soon.
Second self-driving is a long-term play. Aside from the tech regulatory insurance issues who will own them is an open question.
Uber of the Future May Be a Self-Driving Car 
It's drives on the PA Turnpike that makes me appreciate train travel or long for self driving cars 
Mystery Van Could Be Apple's Entry In Effort To Develop Self-Driving Vehicle 
Self driving cars literally cannot come fast enough. Meter maids need to find new lines of work. Please. Yesterday.
We already have self driving cars on the road. They're just waiting for the ok by the government for the software to be activated.
Who is asking for self-driving vehicles? Is this THE priority? There's nothing more important than this? 
Getting on a train track with a train is something a self driving car would never do.
Could Apple's unmarked vans with cameras be for mapping or self-driving car tech? 
Uber announced that it's working with Carnegie Mellon University to develop self-driving cars -
Last point. A self driving car would never operate this erratically.
Once Uber's self driving cars go live it'll get the other 80% of the fare revenue goes to drivers today. That's an attractive pot of gold.
Oh what I would give for a self-driving car right now ?? 
darknet shopper markov bots self driving cars will all be the responsibility of their creators until the algorithms are seen as people.
How inexpensive would uber become if the cars were self-driving?
Listening to pitch on Iowa becoming 1st state to implement self driving cars. Lots of public education needed.
Can't wait for self driving cars to be the standard.
Big deal Batman has had a self driving car since 89 ??
Police are going to need a new revenue source when self-driving cars become the norm.
When search engines mobile computing devices and social networks *just* aren't enough: build a self driving car.
The headaches Apple will face if it does build a self-driving car - Quartz 
Trying to figure out why folks assume Apple working on a car means Apple is working on a self-driving car. Not saying wrong just confused.
Volvo to launch self-driving pilot program in 2017 
Thinking about how cars of the future will prevent road rage. 
Forget self-driving cars I'm still waiting for the technology that flashes headlights when you honk the horn like Homer Simpson's car.
Self-driving cars smart street furniture: 76 Designs of the Year nominated 
I don't want a self-driving car I love driving. Let's build something to override human stupidity so we can avoid most of car collisions.
How'd you find us? (the courier in the self-driving car) I just go to where the cars tell me. - Hot Tub Time Machine 2
Cashmore said self-driving cars are driving the lifestyle in the US. 
Price? Whatever it is double it. Volvo to release self-driving cars by 2017 
Re: news of $NXPI acquiring $FSL from the Carlyle Group (& similar old money VCs) new chip for self-driving cars: 
Sounds like NVIDIA's new GPU Will have big implications for self-driving cars 
My ride getting ready to roll. The 
NVIDIA's Drive PX a developer platform for self-driving cars will be available in May 2015 for $10 000 
Elon Musk believes self driving cars (up to 50MPH) is a solved problem. 
Autonomous cars will help improve our cities 
Exciting!!! RT Ann Arbor Could Get Driverless Vehicles by 2021
Driverless cars are the future of Artificial Intelligence, so many possibilities 
Ony way to stop people texting & driving RT Google to launch fleet of two-seater self-driving cars 
Passed someone in a self-driving car 
I want a self-driving car! 
Audi is testing in Tampa today, hoping to get a peek at the 
Looking forward to autonomous vehicle conference in Anaheim. High Tech Rocks!!!
BMW's autonomous driving prototype is nearing completion -- can't be more excited! 
nearly backed into a cadillac in Winn-Dixie Parking lot - self driving cars cant come soon enough
Google's autonomous car is sooooo cute. Can I have one?
Chevy's self-driving prototype autonomous vehicle looks sharp
cross-country tour in driverless car? Yes!!! More time for scenery! 
Great story RT Autonomous Cars Will Help The Disabled Be More Mobile.
I just don't trust my life in google's hands 
self-driving cars just seem lazy and a waste of money
As long as I don't have to get one! RT Ann Arbor Could Get Driverless Vehicles by 2021
I don't see how self-driving cars will be safe for pedestrians & cyclists
I can't see how automous cars won't cause a million wrecks
keep the big brother stuff off the streets; just say no to self-driving cars
you'll never get me in an autonomous vehicle. Ever. Never. 
I totally hate the idea of not driving my own car. Automatics bad enough. Now 
Self-driving car tech is going to be totally unaffordable. Who has $$$ for a supercomputer?
I'd never trust a self-driving car to take my kid to school.
Vehicles with no driver scare me. How could they possibly work???
Audi to start testing in Tampa
I wonder how insurance companies will handle autonomous cars
Will police departments survive without speeding ticket fines when cars are driverless?
Should Uber use driverless cars to ease safety concerns?
Two reports this week predict the timeline for autonomous vehicle adoption
Not sure yet what to think about self-driving cars. On the fence.
Florida is one of a few states that allows testing of autonomous vehicles 
Many states still considering allowing self-driving car testing
Heading to a tech conference which will focus on transportation and driverless cars 
Fully autonomous vehicles are one of many automation technologies
A new study just commissioned to study the costs of self-driving cars
I love the idea of driving myself to the dentist. I get my license next month!!!! 
Who likes cars these days? No me. Too expensive. Don't need to drive myself anywhere.
My dream car is a pink cadillac. I'd also need a driver too. Tall guy, with cool hat.